DomainName	Company	Category	Description	
185.2.100.179	Contabo GmbH	Internet Hosting	Contabo offers professional hosting solutions for all your needs - whether for business or private applications, for Internet beginners or experts with top web hosting requirements. We bring our customers online: Our product range includes classic web hosting solutions at discount prices. We provide dedicated servers (root server), virtual private machines, webspace and colocation services with high performance, high reliability, in any imaginable variety and size	
200summit.com	Lead Forensics	Lead Generation	Lead Forensics is lead Generation Software that can make a real difference to your ROI and ultimately your business.	
247inc.net	[24]7	Customer Engagement	Third-party contact center and customer lifecycle management services provider	
247realmedia.com	Xaxis	Advertising	Xaxis is a global digital media platform that programmatically connects advertisers and publishers to audiences across all addressable channels.	
254a.com	Yieldr	Advertising	YD is a performance display advertising company for direct advertisers. YD is Europe&#146;s first independent buyer of RTB display advertising. YD is founded early 2008 in Amsterdam, YD's founding team members are techsavy passionates with backgrounds in performance based online advertising, e-commerce and cloudbased erp solutions.	
2mdn.net	Google	Advertising	Doubleclick is a business owned by Google that makes it money from online advertisers and publishers.	
2o7.net	Adobe Systems Incorporated	Analytics	Adobe analytics services help companies measure and understand how you use their apps, websites, social networking pages, and advertising campaigns. Adobe on-site personalization services allow companies to test new content and make their websites, apps, social networking pages, or emails more relevant to you.	
360yield.com	Improve Digital	Advertising	Improve Digital is Europe's leading independent provider of real-time advertising technology.  Committed to increasing revenue for media owners, Improve Digital provides an innovative platform to automate and improve the monetisation of advertising and audience, across all screens, and through all public and private sales channels.  The company works with over 100 of the top publishers and media owners in Europe and, through them, supports the marketing efforts of tens of thousands of advertisers.  In 2012, Improve Digital became part of PubliGroupe, a global leader in marketing services.	
365dm.com	365 Media Group Limited	Sports News	365 Media Group Limited, owned by British Sky Broadcasting. 365 Media Group is sports media company providing a network of sports news and content websites. The company is also involved in content syndication to other media owners and mobile network operators.	
365webservices.co.uk	365 Tech Services	Internet Hosting	365 Tech Services is a web hosting company in Blackburn Lancashire specialising in website design, e-commerce websites, seo and much more. Give us a try and see how you can save money.	
3lift.com	TripleLift	Advertising	An alternative to display ads, TripleLift is a native advertising technology company that helps brands tell engaging stories though visual content marketing	
9msn.com.au	ninemsn Pty. Ltd	Web Search	ninemsn Pty. Ltd. operates as an online media company, provides MSN online services with TV and magazine brands in Australia.	
abmr.net	Adroit Digital Solutions	Advertising	We unlock the power of shared data to transform digital advertising using collective, commerce-centric data, powerful analytics and media-buying savvy.	
acq.io	Acquisio Inc.	Advertising	From PPC bid management to search retargeting and facebook ad management, Acquisio is the industry's leading platform for ad agencies. Maximize your online ad ROI.	
active-agent.com	Active Agent AG	Advertising	Active Agent is your Demand Side Platform for an easy, transparent and safe handling of your advertising campaigns in realtime & Data Driven Advertising environment. You have direct access to all relevant Sell Side Platforms and AdExchanges and enhance your campaign radius to your entire audience reach. Active Agent is your intelligent negotiator for a value-oriented and controlled media buying process. A tool for all communication goals: display, mobile, video and social.	
actonsoftware.com	Act-On Software Inc.	Marketing Platform	Act-On is a marketing automation software platform with email marketing, lead nurturing, lead scoring, CRM integration, social media &amp; tracking tools.	
acxiom-online.com	Acxiom Corporation	Advertising	Acxiom Corporation is a marketing technology and services company.	
ad6media.fr	Ad6Media	Advertising	Ad6Media, the expert audience monetization combining the power of a premium network of innovative formats CPM paid throughout the year.	
adadvisor.net	Neustar	Analytics	Neustar PlatformOne is an integrated marketing analytics platform that provides a complete, accurate, real-time portrait of your customer.	
adadyn.com	Ozone Media	Advertising	Execute programmatic media buys with a budget you choose. Adadyn removes the cost barrier into programmatic advertising.	
adalyser.com	OneSoon Ltd	Analytics	Adalyser improves on current systems by providing media agencies with a single easy to use cloud-based analysis and reporting tool for all offline and online advertising.	
adap.tv	Adap.tv	Advertising	Adap.tv Powering Video Advertising.	
addthis.com	AddThis	Social Media	Free website plugins like share buttons, follow buttons and content recommendations to help you get likes, shares and followers and keep them coming back.	
addthisedge.com	AddThis	Social Media	Free website plugins like share buttons, follow buttons and content recommendations to help you get likes, shares and followers and keep them coming back.	
addtoany.com	Micropat	Social Media	Get sharing buttons for your website visitors to share content on any social sharing service. AddToAny is the universal sharing platform for websites and apps.	
adeasy.ru	AdEasy	Advertising	AdEasy - hour front advertising sales. Universal advertising service that provides as sample placement on the premium sites and through-traffic purchase advertising network.	
adextent.com	AdExtent	Advertising	AdExtent is a new data driven platform that enables advertisers and agencies to run highly targeted display campaigns across the Real-Time Bidding Exchanges.	
adform.net	Adform	Advertising	Adform brings brand advertising to the programmatic era at scale, making display advertising simple, relevant and rewarding!	
adinsight.com	ResponseTap	Analytics	Since 2008, ResponseTap has provided pioneering call tracking services offering marketing specialists the opportunity to understand which campaigns drive offline phone calls to their businesses. In 2010 we launched our flagship product which combines web analytics and call tracking to bridge the online offline divide. ResponseTap originally traded in the UK under the name of AdInsight, but re-branded to ensure the company name better reflected the wider company vision; we analyse all marketing channels not just a customers’ response to advertising.	
adis.ws	Ampliance Ltd	Marketing Platform	Engage and excite with interactive sales & marketing campaigns that drive customers into high conversion product and promotional pages. Synchronise rich interactive campaign media including carousels, banners and look-books across landing and category pages, as well as off-site destinations like Facebook and affiliate sites. Schedule and optimise campaigns using Amplience Campaign Manager, test multiple variants and use advanced interactions, animations and calls-to-action to draw customers into deeper, more valuable relationships.	
adition.com	Adition Technologies AG	Advertising	Premium adserving technology for online marketers, media agencies and website operators comes from Düsseldorf.	
adizio.com	Admedo	Advertising	nline Advertising Simplified With a Display and Mobile Self Serve Platform That Makes it Easy to Set Up Campaigns in Minutes.	
adkontekst.pl	Adkontekst	Advertising	Adkontekst - contextual advertising network behavioral emitted partner websites. Contextual advertising, behavioral and retargeting intekstowa. The network is managed by Netsprint.	
adlooxtracking.com	Adloox	Advertising	Adloox is the only Premium Ad Verification company. Created in 2009, Adloox offers the deepest Brand Safety, Fraud and Viewability data analysis in the digital market today. Adloox has developed its own Auditing Index, allowing advertisers, agencies, trading desks and ad networks to optimise their campaign efficiency on the fly, and detect the most granular domain/site level inefficiencies in real time.	
adlux.com	Adlux Pty Ltd	Advertising	NO LONGER TRADING - AdLux was Australia's largest independent Search Network. AdLux delivers over 1 Billion unique searches every month. Fresh eyeballs, high rankings, low CPCs , and the most profitable sponsored listings in the Australian search market-place.	
admailtiser.com	ConvertMedia	Advertising	ConvertMedia is a Self Serve Performance Ad Platform. We provide effective revenue and yield management solutions for media sellers and buyers.	
admaym.com	WideOrbit Inc. (Admeta)	Marketing Platform	WideOrbit Inc., the leading provider of advertising management software for media companies.  Admeta is a leading provider of solutions for digital programmatic sell-side platforms based in Sweden.	
admedo.com	Admedo	Advertising	Admedo makes programmatic advertising accessible and more profitable for your business. RTB Display, Mobile, Video and Facebook.	
adnetwork.vn	Ambient Corp. (Ericcson)	Advertising	Ambient Digital is the largest, fastest growing Ad Network in South East Asia.	
adnxs.com	AppNexus	Advertising	Adnxs.com is run by AppNexus, a company that provides technology, data and analytics to help companies buy and sell online display advertising.	
adobe.com	Adobe Systems Incorporated	CDN Images	Here you can access, view, and share creative files saved in Adobe Creative Cloud from virtually any internet-connected device.	
adobedtm.com	Adobe Systems Incorporated	Tag Management	Dynamic tag management gives marketers intuitive tools to quickly and easily manage an unlimited number of Adobe and third-party tags. You'll have more control and flexibility to optimize virtually anything online, all while reducing the dependence on IT resources.	
adobetag.com	Adobe Systems Incorporated	Tag Management	Adobe Marketing Cloud gives customers dynamic tag management — the market-leading tool that lets you collect the right data and react in real time.	
adoftheyear.com	CloudVPS	Internet Hosting	Formally XL Internet Services B.V., CloudVPS is the number one cloud provider in the Netherlands. Whether you need a single machine or a complex load-balanced cluster, our flexible cloud lets you create the Virtual Private Servers (VPSes) and Cloud Storage you need quickly and securely. We are leading the market with our implementation of the revolutionary OpenStack technology and in the area of cloud certification.	
adrdgt.com	Appnexus	Advertising	AppNexus technology powers the most innovative trading solutions and marketplaces for Internet advertising. It’s what the world’s most influential advertising and media companies build their businesses on, and what enables them to deliver the ads that deliver the content that people love.  	
adrianquevedo.com	Adrian Quevedo	Web Design	Adrian Quevedo, Web Designer and Interactive Developer from Bogotá – Colombia. He specializes in front-end web development, specifically HTML5, CSS, jQuery and WordPress.	
adroll.com	AdRoll	Advertising	AdRoll is the most widely used retargeting platform in the world. More brands trust AdRoll to retarget site visitors with ads across Facebook, Twitter, mobile, and the web.	
adrsp.net	Oracle Corporation	All	?	
ads-creativesyndicator.com	Rightster Ltd	CDN Video	Rightster is a global b2b video network for distribution, content-sourcing, audience engagement and monetisation. Rightster's software and services make it simple for sports, fashion, news, entertainment and viral rights holders to maximise the value of their video whether on a licenced, ad-funded, direct to consumer or paid placement basis. Rightster provides an 'upload once -  commercialise everywhere' solution that extends the reach of live and on-demand video content to web, mobile and connected audiences via clients' own sites, social channels, portals, platforms, online newspapers, magazines and blogs as well as Rightster's Multi Channel network (MCN) on YouTube.	
ads.fairfax.com.au	Fairfax Media Limited	Advertising	Fairfax Media Limited is Australasia's leading media company. Fairfax media operations include newspapers, magazines, radios and digital media operating in Australia and New Zealand.	
ads.yahoo.com	Yahoo! Inc.	Advertising	Yahoo delivers custom solutions to build your brand and drive the response you want. Yahoo&#039;s industry-leading targeting tools turn audiences into customers, helping you reach the people who matter to your business and deliver the right message.	
adsafeprotected.com	 Integral	Advertising	Integral Ad Science is the digital advertising industry's recognized leader in brand protection, ad verification and ad viewability data.	
adscale.de	Adscale	Advertising	adscale is the leading marketplace for digital advertising in Germany. Advertisers and website owners offers adscale a transparent and wide-reaching marketplace for digital advertising space. We combine this range with quality: through collaborations with renowned AGOF marketers, through our leading position in comScore rankings, by working with all the major media agencies and direct clients and third party vendors. Through various optimization technologies such as targeting and real-time bidding campaigns on adscale efficiently controlled and targeted yield management are operated. Combined with the marketplace logic of our business partners benefit from a fair price-performance ratio.	
adspeed.net	AdSpeed	Advertising	AdSpeed is an independent ad server and ad manager. We serve your ads, track impressions, clicks, revenue, conversions and report ad statistics in real-time.	
adsrvr.org	TheTradeDesk	Advertising	Ad Serving Platform.	
adstheaa.com	The AA	Advertising	The AA also provides car insurance, home insurance, travel insurance, route planning and advice.	
adsymptotic.com	Drawbridge Inc.	Advertising	Drawbridge has developed the first self-learning ad technology that leverages insights from cross-device behavior to enable advertisers and marketers to reach targeted mobile audiences. Drawbridge's unique approach is built on a foundation of large-scale machine learning algorithms that correlate audience behavior across screens. Through its innovative technology, the company is able to gain insights and a much deeper understanding of mobile audience behavior than was previously possible. The company is located in Silicon Valley and is backed by Sequoia Capital, and Kleiner Perkins Caulfield and Byers.	
adtech.de	Adtech (AOL)	Advertising	ADTECH's integrated ad serving solutions enable web publishers, ad networks, agencies and advertisers to manage, serve and report on their online advertising campaigns ncluding display, video and mobile formats.	
adtechus.com	Adtech (AOL)	Advertising	ADTECH's integrated ad serving solutions enable web publishers, ad networks, agencies and advertisers to manage, serve and report on their online advertising campaigns – including display, video and mobile formats.	
advertising.com	AOL	Advertising	Advertising.com combines the industrys most advanced technology, precise targeting and a quality network to deliver results for advertisers &amp; publishers.	
adviva.net	Specific Media LLC	Advertising	With capabilities spanning customised video, engaging original content and decision-driving display, Specific Media™ offers custom solutions, connecting all digital formats to execute a smarter and more efficient marketing plan.	
affec.tv	Affectv	Advertising	Affectv is an international leader in audience technology. We mission is to make advertising more relevant for people so we can help improve the Internet. We help brands and marketers to find, understand and connect with the relevant audience, in real-time across multiple digital channels, by translating the world of noisy data into peoples' signals.	
afy11.net	 Cox Digital Solutions	Advertising	Previously Adify, Cox Digital Solutions provides dynamic display and mobile advertising opportunities through a network of established relationships with publishers as well as a robust and established suite of products.	
agcdn.com	Accord Holdings Ltd	Advertising	The Accord Group is an integrated digital marketing agency with offices in London, Manchester and Devon with a focus on direct response advertising.	
agendamedia.co.uk	Agenda Media	Advertising	Agenda Media are a digital media sales house offering best in class advertisers dedicated regional agency representation outside of the M25.	
agilitycms.com	Agility Inc.	Web Design	Agility CMS is a cloud-based content management system for building and managing responsive websites and apps.	
agilone.com	AgilOne	Marketing Platform	Make your marketing more effective with AgilOne's predictive marketing software - 360 customer profiles, advanced segmentation and targeted campaigns.	
agkn.com	Neustar	Analytics	Formally Aggregate Knowledge, Neustar PlatformOne is an integrated marketing analytics platform that provides a complete, accurate, real-time portrait of your customer.	
agoramedia.com	Everyday Health Inc	Advertising	The Everyday Health portfolio provides marketers with a trusted platform to promote their offerings, including a suite of customized marketing solutions that utilize our database to target their desired audience.	
airpr.com	AirPR	Analytics	AirPR Analyst humanizes data to measure the ROI of PR, and AirPR Marketplace matches top PR professionals with companies.	
ajax.aspnetcdn.com	Microsoft Corporation	CDN JSLib	The Microsoft Ajax Content Delivery Network (CDN) hosts popular third party JavaScript libraries such as jQuery and enables you to easily add them to your Web applications.	
ajax.cloudflare.com	Cloudfare	CDN JSLib	CloudFlare is a free global CDN and DNS provider that can speed up and protect any site online.	
ajax.googleapis.com	Google	CDN JSLib	The Google Hosted Libraries is a content distribution network for the most popular, open-source JavaScript libraries. The hosted libraries provides access to a growing list of the most popular, open-source JavaScript libraries.	
ajax.microsoft.com	Microsoft Corporation	CDN JSLib	The Microsoft Ajax Content Delivery Network (CDN) hosts popular third party JavaScript libraries such as jQuery and enables you to easily add them to your Web applications. The CDN used to use the microsoft.com domain name and has been changed to use the aspnetcdn.com domain name. This change was made to increase performance because when a browser referenced the microsoft.com domain it would send any cookies from that domain across the wire with each request. By renaming to a domain name other than microsoft.com performance can be increased by as much to 25%. Note ajax.microsoft.com will continue to function but ajax.aspnetcdn.com is recommended.	
akamai.net	Akamai Technologies	CDN	Trusted by leading brands, Akamai&#039;s Intelligent Platform provides the ubiquity required to scale reliably and to quickly adapt to changes. The Akamai Intelligent Platform is the leading cloud platform for delivering secure, high-performing user experiences to any device, anywhere. It reaches globally and delivers locally. The platform is made up of a distributed network of servers and intelligent software, delivering over two trillion interactions daily. No one delivers more Web traffic than Akamai and 90% of Internet users are a single network hop away. The Akamai Intelligent Platform is constantly monitoring Web conditions.	
akamaiedge.net	Akamai Technologies	CDN	Trusted by leading brands, Akamai's Intelligent Platform provides the ubiquity required to scale reliably and to quickly adapt to changes. The Akamai Intelligent Platform is the leading cloud platform for delivering secure, high-performing user experiences to any device, anywhere. It reaches globally and delivers locally. The platform is made up of a distributed network of servers and intelligent software, delivering over two trillion interactions daily. No one delivers more Web traffic than Akamai and 90% of Internet users are a single network hop away. The Akamai Intelligent Platform is constantly monitoring Web conditions.	
akamaihd.net	Akamai Technologies	CDN	As the leading cloud platform for media and content delivery, application performance, and Web security, we enable any experience on any device.	
akamaitechnologies.com	Akamai Technologies	CDN	Trusted by leading brands, Akamai's Intelligent Platform provides the ubiquity required to scale reliably and to quickly adapt to changes. The Akamai Intelligent Platform is the leading cloud platform for delivering secure, high-performing user experiences to any device, anywhere. It reaches globally and delivers locally. The platform is made up of a distributed network of servers and intelligent software, delivering over two trillion interactions daily. No one delivers more Web traffic than Akamai and 90% of Internet users are a single network hop away. The Akamai Intelligent Platform is constantly monitoring Web conditions.	
akamaitechnologies.fr	Akamai Technologies	CDN	Trusted by leading brands, Akamai's Intelligent Platform provides the ubiquity required to scale reliably and to quickly adapt to changes. The Akamai Intelligent Platform is the leading cloud platform for delivering secure, high-performing user experiences to any device, anywhere. It reaches globally and delivers locally. The platform is made up of a distributed network of servers and intelligent software, delivering over two trillion interactions daily. No one delivers more Web traffic than Akamai and 90% of Internet users are a single network hop away. The Akamai Intelligent Platform is constantly monitoring Web conditions.	
allaccess.com.ph	All Access	Unified Registration	ALL ACCESS is a unified registration system that allows you to log on to member websites using a single username and password.	
amazon-adsystem.com	Amazon	Advertising	Context Links, a new contextual ad system. By adding a snippet of code to a website, Amazon will highlight phrases with associated products in their marketplace and let users navigate to the Amazon website to purchase the item.	
amazonaws.com	Amazon	CDN	Amazon Web Services offers reliable, scalable, and  inexpensive cloud computing services. Free to join, pay only for what you use.	
ambientplatform.vn	Ambient Corp. (Ericcson)	Connectivity	Our innovative platform enables utilities to deploy and integrate multiple smart grid applications and technologies, in parallel on a single communications infrastructure, supporting Smart Metering, Distribution Automation, Distribution Management, Demand Response, Distributed Generation and more.	
amgdgt.com	Adconian Media Group	Advertising	Uses real time bidding to sell targeted audience advertising space based on behavioural profiles.	
amplience.com	Ampliance Ltd	Marketing Platform	Engage and excite with interactive sales &amp; marketing campaigns that drive customers into high conversion product and promotional pages. Synchronise rich interactive campaign media including carousels, banners and look-books across landing and category pages, as well as off-site destinations like Facebook and affiliate sites. Schedule and optimise campaigns using Amplience Campaign Manager, test multiple variants and use advanced interactions, animations and calls-to-action to draw customers into deeper, more valuable relationships.	
analytics-egain.com	eGain	Analytics	eGain provides multichannel and channel specific analytics that enable companies to design customer journeys and optimize their sales and service performance.	
analytics.fairfax.com.au	Fairfax Media Limited	Analytics	Fairfax Media Limited is Australasia's leading media company. Fairfax media operations include newspapers, magazines, radios and digital media operating in Australia and New Zealand.	
analytics.yahoo.com	Yahoo! Inc.	Analytics	Yahoo Web Analytics is a sophisticated, browser-based tracking system that can help you track and analyze visitor activity on your web-based properties. Yahoo Web Analytics infers certain characteristics about your web site visitors, where those visitors go on your web sites, what they do while there, and makes that information available to you.	
angsrvr.com	Falk Technologies 	Advertising	The Falk Technologies stack suite serves the entire value chain of the online advertising market, both horizontally between agencies (demand side) and publishers (supply side) and vertically. Entrepreneur Thomas Falk launched Falk Technologies together with an experienced team of specialists in 2008 to develop this one-of-a-kind ad-serving solution for the rapidly growing RTB (real-time bidding) market.	
aol.co.uk	AOL	Advertising	Without insight, data is nothing more than numbers on a page. AOL finds the patterns hidden in the reports, so that you can put the data to work for you.	
aol.com	AOL	Advertising	Without insight, data is nothing more than numbers on a page. AOL finds the patterns hidden in the reports, so that you can put the data to work for you.	
aolcdn.com	AOL	Advertising	Without insight, data is nothing more than numbers on a page. AOL finds the patterns hidden in the reports, so that you can put the data to work for you.	
api.skyscanner.net	SkyScanner	Travel Search Tools	The Skyscanner API is composed of services that can be used either individually, to add travel search functionality to an existing product, or combined, to build a fully-fledged travel search product.	
appdynamics.com	AppDynamics	Performance	Get real-time insight from your applications using Application Performance Management?how they?re being used, how they?re performing, where they need help.	
appspot.com	Google	Internet Hosting	Google App Engine is a Platform as a Service (PaaS) offering that lets you build and run applications on Google's infrastructure. App Engine applications are easy to build, easy to maintain, and easy to scale as your traffic and data storage needs change. With App Engine, there are no servers for you to maintain. You simply upload your application and it's ready to go.	
ardentcreative.co.uk	Ardent Creative	Web Design	With 30 years of experience, Ardent Creative are one of the most experienced web design/creative agencies around.	
atdmt.com	Facebook	Tracking	ATDMT is a tracking cookie served by Facebook subsidiary Atlas Solutions and used as a third party cookie by several websites. The cookie originates from the domain atdmt.com which is owned by Atlas.	
atemda.com	Admeta AB	Advertising	We are the leading Private Ad Exchange provider incorporating world class optimization technology to Premium Publishers.	
atgsvcs.com	Oracle Corporation	Analytics	The Oracle Recommendations On Demand API is available in a variety of flavors enabling retailers to balance their recommendation needs with their existing infrastructure and bandwidth requirements. This is our most commonly used flavor. It includes our full suite of functionality and renderering capabilities. This file is served using GZip compression to compatible browsers.	
atwola.com	AOL Time Warner	Tracking	atwola.com is a domain used by AOL Advertising which is an advertising company that is part of a network of sites, cookies, and other technologies used to track website visits.	
audienceiq.com	Experian	Credit Reports	Free credit reports and credit scores from Experian. Get your free credit report and credit score now. It's free, fast, and easy!  All credit reports are not created equal.	
authorize.net	CyberSource (Visa)	Payment Gateway	Payment gateway enables internet merchants to accept online payments via credit card and e-check.	
axf8.net	Compuware Corporation	Performance	Formally Gomez. Unlike traditional APM solutions that are heavy, difficult and reactive, Compuware APM is light, smart and proactive. Designed to manage the complexity of today's most challenging web, cloud, mobile, enterprise and Big Data applications, Compuware APM optimizes and monitors tens of thousands of applications for more than 5,000 customers, large and small, around the globe.	
b2btechleadform.com	QuinStreet Inc	Advertising	The Leader in Vertical Marketing and Media Online. QuinStreet serves clients and consumers in large, information-intensive industry verticals where relevant, targeted media and offerings help visitors make informed choices and find products and services that match their needs. Currently, primary client verticals are the education and financial services industries.	
backinstock.org	Yellow Robot	Email Marketing	Back in Stock is the easiest way to increase sales and value of your existing Shopify store traffic	
baifendian.com	Baifendian Technology	Marketing Platform	Beijing Baifendian Information Technology Inc., having developed the most sophisticated recommendation engine and the most comprehensive consumer preference database in China, specializes in providing integrated optimization solutions for E-commerce websites through in-site traffic conversion and business intelligence analysis. Baifendian services include Baifendian Recommendation Engine (BRE) and Baifendian Analytics Engine (BAE), which focus on analyzing shopping preferences across the internet thereby providing precise marketing services to E-commerce sites, increasing their traffic conversion rates and transaction per customer, encouraging customer purchase, extending customer life cycle, and E-commerce sites' competitiveness.	
bannersnack.com	Snacktools	Advertising	Banners are compatible with Facebook Ads and Google AdWords. You can download and use the banner ads as you wish or you can use our advertising platform to reach your audience everywhere.	
barilliance.net	Barilliance Ltd.	Web Personalization	Barilliance provides website Personalization technologies that help e-commerce sites of any size to increase sales and conversion rates.	
baynote.net	Baynote	Web Personalization	Baynote helps leading online brands personalize the customer shopping experience across touch points based on what consumers are looking for in the moment.	
bazaarvoice.com	bazaar voice	Opinions and Reviews	Bazaarvoice connects brands, retailers and consumers in the world's largest shopper network, delivering ROI through reviews, analytics and targeted media.	
betrad.com	Ghostery Inc.	Marketing Platform	Ghostery, Inc. is a global marketing technology company that provides online transparency and control to individuals and businesses. Millions of people around the world have installed Ghostery's easy to use browser plug-in to see and manage the information they share with companies online. Ghostery Enterprise puts the same power in the hands of professionals and enterprises. Ghostery Enterprise’s Marketing Cloud Management software enables enterprises to better manage their marketing cloud, improving data governance, site performance and vendor management. Ghostery Enterprise also offers privacy governance to enterprises, ensuring that companies comply with privacy standards and offer transparency to online users.	
betweendigital.com	Between Digital	Ad Real-time Bidding	Between is a system that allows sites to earn more money on advertising! Between Digital is the first system of yield management in Russia allowing sites to effectively sell online advertisement with the help of RTB (real-time-bidding).	
bid.g.doubleclick.net	DoubleClick Bid Manager (Google)	Advertising	Our demand-side-platform (DSP), DoubleClick Bid Manager offers new ways for advertisers, agencies, and trading desks to reinvent display buying. Access billions of impressions, and rely on powerful audience and contextual data to target the right customers in the right moments.	
bidswitch.net	Iponweb	Connectivity	IPONWEB has a vision for RTB and Media Trading that is open, transparent and allows many different kinds of businesses to trade and sell media in real-time. All in their own unique way	
bigcommerce.com	Bigcommerce Pty. Ltd.	Marketing Platform	Bigcommerce provides ecommerce software solutions and shopping cart software for online businesses.	
bing.com	Microsoft Corporation	Advertising	Bing Ads connects your business with millions of potential customers searching online.	
bitgravity.com	BitGravity (Tata Communications)	CDN	BitGravity offers best of breed video delivery, video management, Web site acceleration, and live streaming products on the world's largest Tier 1 network.	
bizinformation.org	VOID	Tracking	NOT operational.	
bizographics.com	Bizo	Marketing Platform	Bizo's data management and targeting technology, fueled by a proprietary audience of more than 90% of the U.S. business population, enables precise and measurable B2B display and social advertising programs.	
bizrate.com	Bizrate	Opinions and Reviews	Bizrate Insights is the customer feedback and ratings platform of Bizrate, providing tools and reports to over 6,000 retailers worldwide and empowering retailers to achieve their end goal of growing sales and customer loyalty.  Bizrate Insights assists retailers in listening to their customers in way that is fast and measurable, resulting in insights, action, conversation, and customer loyalty.	
bkrtx.com	Oracle Corporation	Advertising	BlueKai works with websites to aggregate anonymous activities and enables marketers to provide more targeted online advertising.	
blogcdn.com	Google	Community & Discussion	Blogger is a free blog-publishing tool from Google for easily sharing your thoughts with the world. Blogger makes it simple to post text, photos and video onto your personal or team blog.	
bluekai.com	Oracle Corporation	Advertising	BlueKai works with websites to aggregate anonymous activities and enables marketers to provide more targeted online advertising.	
bluelithium.com	Yahoo! Inc.	Advertising	BlueLithium is an online advertising network focused on serving ads based on behavioral targeting of its users.	
bm23.com	Bronto Software, Inc	Marketing Platform	Bronto is the #1 email marketing provider to the Internet Retailer Top 1000. With an advanced marketing automation engine and solutions for shopping cart abandonment, post-purchase campaigns and powerful e-commerce integrations, Bronto is the premier cloud-based marketing platform for commerce.	
boldchat.com	LogMeIn Inc.	Live Support	Nobody wants to talk to a machine. BoldChat enhances your customer’s digital experience by extending a helpful human presence. Simply connecting with your customers—where, when and how they want—dramatically increases customer satisfaction and boosts sales.	
bonniercorp.com	Bonnier Corp.	Content Provision	Bonnier Corporation is one of the largest special interest publishing groups in America. Our multi-channel, magazine brands extend into platforms.	
bootstrapcdn.com	MaxCDN	CDN JSLib	BootstrapCDN is a free and public content delivery network. Users of BootstrapCDN can load CSS, JavaScript and images remotely, from its servers. Bootstrap uses MaxCDN&#039;s global content delivery network, which makes websites using its service resilient to unexpected surges in web traffic. Provides both the Twitter Bootstrap and FontAwesome.	
brand-server.com	Centro	Advertising	Centro develops digital advertising and media management software to help advertisers streamline and scale digital campaigns.	
brandirectory.com	Brand Finance	Royalty Relief	Brand Finance calculates brand value using the Royalty Relief methodology which determines the value a company would be willing to pay to license its brand as if it did not own it. This approach involves estimating the future revenue attributable to a brand and calculating a royalty rate that would be charged for the use of the brand.	
brcdn.com	BloomReach Inc.	Web Personalization	BloomReach drives revenue by consuming web wide and site data to interpret consumer demand and deliver relevant user experiences across digital channels.	
breakingburner.com	Crowdynews	Social Media	Carefree social media curation for all online publishers.	
brightcove.com	Brightcove	Video Platform (Streaming)	Brightcove Video Cloud is the leading online video hosting platform and online video player solution. Learn how you can leverage the power of Brightcove&#039;s video hosting services for your brand.	
brilig.com	Merkle	Advertising	Brilig is a cooperative data marketplace for digital display advertising targeting.	
browsealoud.com	Texthelp Ltd 	Accessibility	BrowseAloud adds speech and reading support tools to online content to extend the reach of websites for the 20% of the population that requires reading support. This includes those with dyslexia, learning difficulties, mild visual impairments and those with English as a second language.	
browser-update.org	Browser-Update.org	Browser Advice	An initiative by web designers to inform users about browser-updates	
brtstats.com	Quantcast	Advertising	Quantserve.com creates web beacons and cookies operated by audience research and behavioural advertising company Quantcast.	
btrll.com	BrightRoll Inc	Advertising	The leading programmatic video advertising platform for reaching audiences across web, mobile and connected TV.	
btstatic.com	Signal	Tag Management	BrightTag&#039;s tag management solution helps companies more effectively and efficiently unlock the value of their business data produced by consumers on their websites. Built-in privacy management tools also help brands respect individual requests not to be tracked or targeted for advertising, as well as comply with all regulatory requirements specific to cookies and privacy.	
burstnet.com	Burst Media	Advertising	One of the most well-established online media companies, Burst Media represents independent web publishers and their communities. We understand that independent publishers are the heartbeat of the web, and we have been working with these influencers and their audiences since 1995.	
c-col.com	Compete Inc. (Millwood Brown Digital)	Analytics	Compete's clickstream data are collected from a 2,000,000 member panel of US Internet users (about a 1% sample), using diverse sources. Using a rigorous statistical normalization methodology, Compete creates precise projections of the behavior of the entire US Internet browser population on monthly and weekly basis. In addition, Compete provides daily estimates of share of consumer attention garnered by the top Internet sites and the velocity of change of this attention.	
c3tag.com	C3 Metrics	Analytics	C3 Metrics offers advertisers, agencies, and advertising networks analytical tools that enable our business customers to better understand advertising campaign performance and consumer behaviour in connection with ad campaigns and activities undertaken on their behalf.	
campaigner.com	j2 Cloud Services Inc.	Email Marketing	Is your email marketing producing the revenue you expect? Learn how to easily send email campaigns that deliver results with Campaigner.	
canopylabs.com	Canopy Labs	Analytics	Personalize your marketing and sales. Our platform helps businesses increase their sales by predicting customer behavior and trends.	
captifymedia.com	Captiify	Advertising	Forward thinking, Hindsight Optimized... A London based Digital Media company generating relevant and engaging advertising opportunities for global brands.	
casalemedia.com	Casale Media	Analytics	Casale Media is a core technology company that maximizes digital media value for the world's leading publisher & advertiser brands.	
cdn.rawgit.com	GitHub	CDN	RawGit serves raw files directly from GitHub with proper Content-Type headers.	
cdninstagram.com	Instagram	Photographic Gallery	Instagram is a fast, beautiful and fun way to share your life with friends and family. Take a picture or video, choose a filter to transform its look and feel, then post to Instagram — it's that easy. You can even share to Facebook, Twitter, Tumblr and more. It's a new way to see the world.	
cdnjs.cloudflare.com	Cloudfare	CDN JSLib	An open source CDN for Javascript and CSS sponsored by CloudFlare that hosts everything from jQuery and Modernizr to Bootstrap. Speed up your site with cdnjs!	
cdnme.se	Blogg.se	Internet Hosting	Blogg.se is Scandinavia&#039;s largest blog platform where millions of blogs are collected.	
cdnplanet.com	CDN Planet	Opinions and Reviews	No CDN is the same. With useful, factual information and handy tools we want to help you select the right CDN.	
cedexis.com	Cedexis	CDN	Founded in 2009, Cedexis optimizes web performance across data centers, content delivery networks (CDNs) and clouds, for companies that want to ensure 100% availability and extend their reach to new global markets.	
certona.net	Certona	Web Personalization	The leader in omnichannel personalization, Certona delivers the most personalized customer experiences tailored to each individual using continuous behavioural profiling and predictive technology, resulting in increased engagement and conversions.	
cetrk.com	Crazy Egg	Analytics	Through Crazy Egg's heat map and scroll map reports you can get an understanding of how your visitors engage with your website so you can boost your conversion rates.	
channeladvisor.com	ChannelAdvisor	Advertising	Retailers and manufacturers send a single product data feed to the ChannelAdvisor system, where it's then optimized and ready to sync across marketplaces such as eBay, Amazon and Newegg; as well as digital marketing channels such as search engines, comparison shopping websites and social media. Orders and performance information then flow back through the ChannelAdvisor system where results are measured and broken down to inform decisions, enabling sellers to be seen and sell more online.	
channelintelligence.com	Google	Search Engine Optimisation	Channel Intelligence optimizes your product visibility and performance on shopping engines.	
chartbeat.com	Chartbeat Inc.	Analytics	Chartbeat provides real-time analytics for publishers and media content creators. Get live real-time data about your website performance.	
chartbeat.net	Chartbeat Inc.	Analytics	Chartbeat provides real-time analytics for publishers and media content creators. Get live real-time data about your website performance.	
chitika.net	Chitika Inc.	Advertising	At Chitika, we only show ads to users when and where they want to see them. It&#039;s one of many things that set us apart from the competition with proprietary targeting and optimization technology that leverages the power of programmatic buying to serve precisely the right ad, at the right time.	
choicestream.com	ChoiceStream	Advertising (Video)	ChoiceStream improves ad relevance and digital advertising campaign performance by programmatically selecting optimum advertising opportunities based on a dynamic understanding of consumers active preferences.	
civiccomputing.com	Civic	Web Design	CIVIC is an industry leader in web development and web design Edinburgh. We provide strategy, design, development, marketing and hosting services.	
clickability.com	Upland Software Inc.	Content Management	Clickability is a leading software-as-a-service (SaaS) Web Content Management platform that empowers digital success by providing services to efficiently manage content globally for all web, mobile, and social initiatives.  	
clickdensity.com	Click Density	Analytics	Clickdensity isn't just another statistics or web analytics tool - instead it allows you to analyse user behaviour, and identify usability and information architecture issues...The Clickdensity heat map shows at a glance the relative popularity of components on your pages.	
clickdesk.com	ClickDesk	Live Support	ClickDesk is the top online chat software because it is a combined live chat and helpdesk software. Small businesses use ClickDesk to boost user engagement through live chat, voice chat, video chat, social media management, real-time analytics and an integrated help desk to manage support tickets and offline chats. Instantly answer questions from your web visitors, analyze user behavior, increase social traffic and drive conversions.	
clickfuse.com	ToneMedia	Advertising	Make money from our highly relevant ads on your site	
clicktale.net	Clicktale	Analytics	Clicktale, a SaaS leader in Digital Customer Experience, helps over 100,000 businesses create revenue-winning customer experience for web and mobile.	
clicktalecdn.sslcs.cdngc.net	Clicktale	Analytics	Clicktale, a SaaS leader in Digital Customer Experience, helps over 100,000 businesses create revenue-winning customer experience for web and mobile.	
clicktracks.com	Lyris Inc.	Email Marketing	Lyris HQ empowers marketers to quickly and easily create content, automate multiple complex campaigns simultaneously, and interact with customers and prospects more effectively using personalized and  targeted messaging.	
clikpic.com	Clik.com Websites Ltd.	Photographic Gallery	Clikpic provide professional websites for photographers.	
cloud-iq.com	cloudIQ	Analytics	Simple, step-by-step analysis of your cart abandonment data. Get insights into how much cart abandonment is costing you. Calculate how much revenue you could recover every month.	
cloudfront.net	Amazon	CDN	Amazon CloudFront is a content delivery web service. It integrates with other Amazon Web Services to give developers and businesses an easy way to distribute content to end users with low latency, high data transfer speeds, and no commitments.	
cloudinary.com	Cloudinary	CDN Images	Cloudinary seamlessly delivers your website&#039;s assets from the Cloud to your users. This improves the visitor experience while reducing coding time and ongoing costs. Integrate with your new or existing website in a snap!	
cmcore.com	IBM Corp.	Analytics	IBM EMM solutions are recognised as market leaders by leading industry analyst reports which cover?multi-channel campaign management, cross-channel campaign management, integrated marketing management and customer analytics.	
cnbc.com	CNBC	Business News	In-depth world business news from Europe, the Asia-Pacific, Africa, the Middle East, Latin America and global market coverage.	
colbenson.com	Colbenson	Site Search	SearchBroker ecommerce SiteSearch resolves findability and internal Site Search with a unique combination of cutting edge Information Retrieval technologies and the power of the Empathy Project by Colbenson.	
collective-media.net	Collective	Advertising	It&#039;s the one thing that every advertiser, publisher and agency in our industry is seeking: Audiences.  Analyzing the billions of data points in our vast audience cloud and finding the right, top-tier inventory on the Internet takes experience and know-how.	
commander1.com	TagCommander	Tag Management	TagCommander is the leading enterprise tag management system (TMS) that helps global organizations better manage technical resources, accelerate marketing activities and improve campaign performance.	
communicatorcorp.com	Communicator Corp	Advertising	We're Communicator. We love technology and marketing that engages and excites. For over a decade we've helped marketers to build longer and more profitable relationships with their customers; through the use of targeted, relevant communications. 	
comodo.net	Comodo	Website Security	Comodo, the leading Internet Security Provider offers Free Antivirus, SSL Certificate and other Internet Security related products with complete protection.	
compete.com	Compete Inc. (Millwood Brown Digital)	Analytics	Compete's best-in-class data has helped professionals like you monitor online competition, benchmark performance, and discover new business opportunities for over 10 years.	
comscore.com	comScore Inc.	Analytics	ComScore is a leading internet technology company that provides Analytics for a Digital World.	
connectevents.com.au	Connect Events	Event and Presentation Platform	Connect Events is an experiential media company based in Sydney, Australia. We are committed to producing superior quality yet realistically priced events serving key industry communities with a focus on innovative content delivery, effective networking and distinctive style.	
connexity.net	Connexity Inc.	Analytics	Our audience activation platform studies the products they buy, the sites they visit, as well as audience attributes like demographics - giving us valuable insights to connect with your audience.	
contentreserve.com	Overdrive Inc.	Content Provision	Content Reserve delivers thousands of digital titles to customers from the world's top publishers.	
contextweb.com	ContextWeb	Ad Real-time Bidding	CONTEXTWEB is a leading integrated digital media services company that delivers consistent, measurable online ad performance on hundreds of millions of real-time impressions every day. CONTEXTWEB layers online and offline audience data with highly relevant content to deliver unique audiences at scale. Its proprietary page-level contextual technology delivers brand-safe environments and ranks among the top 20 ad-supported properties, according to comScore. 	
convertexperiments.com	Convert Insights	Tracking	A/B testing is one of the fastest methods to learn more about your visitors and their preferences. Our service is primarily used for conversion optimization onsite and in landing pages. Convert Experiment is A/B testing software used by many conversion experts by agencies, in-house talent, and consultants to support their testing and conversion needs.	
convertro.com	Convertro	Advertising	Convertro was founded by marketers obsessed with measuring true ROI. Our job is help advertisers optimize media mix to increase sales, not provide numbers to justify old decisions. We work well with smart brands and agencies that want to drive growth with data-driven marketing, in a scalable way. In particular, we are leaders and pioneers in the following areas:	
conviva.com	Conviva	Video Platform (Streaming)	Convivas real-time big data processing platform enables the delivery of a TV-quality experience over the Internet. Any network. Any device. Any time.	
cookie-script.com	Cookie-Script.com	Cookie Compliance Solutions	Free EU Cookie Law solution. Make your website compliant with EU Cookie Directive. No programming skills required.	
cookiereports.com	Cookie Reports Limited	Cookie Compliance Solutions	Cookie Reports Limited, the only fully automated risk assessment and monitoring tool to help organisations manage their websites within the bounds of the European Union&#039;s Privacy and Electronic Communications Directive. Website cookies audits, reviews and reports. Support for Article 5(3) of the e-Privacy Directive on cookies.	
copperegg.com	CopperEgg Corporation	Performance	Monitor all of your servers, all of your web apps, and all of your databases all of the time from the cloud. Unlike other leading APM products, CopperEgg Real User Monitoring (RUM) integrates tightly with operations-essential tools—including deep server monitoring, synthetic website monitoring and custom application metrics—and is priced and packaged to cover entire production environments versus single development systems.	
cpx.to	Captify Media Ltd.	Advertising	Captify is a British-founded, leading ad tech company pioneering search retargeting, the fastest-growing segment of display advertising and programmatic buying. Captify targets users at scale by using search behaviours as the key indicator of intent ensuring that users are shown highly relevant ads that are likely to lead to conversion. Captify is the leading holder of Search Data in Europe and our technology uses its proprietary algorithm and intelligent analysis to combine these searches with other data points such as context, browsing activity, social and recency. Captify works with the biggest brands in the world in all main verticals/categories running UK and international campaigns.	
cpxinteractive.com	CPXi	Advertising	CPXi is a global digital media holding company with over a decade of experience connecting consumers with brands. The company has four primary divisions: bRealTime, offering programmatic solutions for both demand and supply side partners; Simplixity, providing full service media execution for brands, agencies and direct marketers; Affiture, an affiliate network driving performance objectives, and; AdReady, providing a self-serve platform for programmatic creative and media placement. CPXi provides multi-screen messaging, leveraging display, social, mobile and video advertising at scale, serving billions of managed impressions daily. CPXi is a privately held company.	
crazyegg.com	Crazy Egg Inc.	Analytics	Through Crazy Egg's heat map and scroll map reports you can get an understanding of how your visitors engage with your website so you can boost your conversion rates.	
creafi-online-media.com	Creafi Online Media 	Advertising (Video)	Creafi provides high quality online media solutions to advertisers and publishers like web banners, video ads, internet for advertising and business marketing.	
createjs.com	GSkinner	Development Resources	CreateJS is a JavaScript suite for developers looking to control the true power of HTML5's canvas element.	
creative-serving.com	IS Group	Internet Hosting	IS provides a stable, reliable and flexible online cloud infrastructure, which offers customers a complete portfolio of services (white labeled) and easy to integrate.	
creativesyndicator.com	Mediasyndicator	Advertising	Mediasyndicator provides advertisers access to passionate & engaged audiences across best-of-breed digital properties in sport, technology, automotive and more.	
criteo.com	Criteo	Advertising	Criteo offers a full-service solution that extends the performance, simplicity and control of search to display.	
criteo.net	Criteo	Advertising	Criteo offers a full-service solution that extends the performance, simplicity and control of search to display.	
crwdcntrl.net	Lotame Solutions, Inc.	Analytics	Lotame helps publishers, marketers and agencies drive Maximum Audience Impact - maximizing the way they collect, unify, protect and activate audience data. Leveraging the industry’s most robust DMP as a central audience management engine, leaders like Targeted Victory, The Weather Channel and many other clients spanning five continents monetize data, gain greater targeting efficiency, and drive higher campaign performance and revenue.	
csdata1.com	eBay Enterprise	Tracking	Buy and sell electronics, cars, fashion apparel, collectibles, sporting goods, digital cameras, baby items, coupons, and everything else on eBay, the world&#039;s online marketplace.	
ctasnet.com	AppNexus	Advertising	AppNexus, a company that provides technology, data and analytics to help companies buy and sell online display advertising.	
ctnsnet.com	Crimtan	Tracking	Crimtan&#40s fully independent technology stack is built on an anonymous user profiling and audience modelling platform that is integrated with our proprietary ad server and bidder to work in real-time and make sure campaign results exceed expectations.	
ctscdn.com	Neiman Marcus	CDN	Neiman Marcus is an American luxury specialty department store owned by the Neiman Marcus Group, headquartered in Dallas, Texas. The company also owns the Bergdorf Goodman department stores and operates a direct marketing division, Neiman Marcus Direct, which operates catalogue and online operations under the Horchow, Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman names.	
curalate.com	Curalate	Marketing Platform	Curalate is the all-in-one visual marketing platform for Pinterest, Instagram, Tumblr and Facebook. Run contests, schedule posts and analyze images.	
custhelp.com	Oracle Corporation	Live Support	With so many customer demands and service channels, find out how Oracle can help you delight customers and develop outstanding modern customer service.	
customer.io	Customer.io	Email Marketing	We make it easy to send emails triggered by user behavior. Build, measure and improve your emails to activate and retain users.	
cxense.com	Cxense	Advertising	EmediateAd is the Ad Serving solution that boosts the revenue of  publishers’ digital advertising. Designed for publishers of all sizes or networks with multiple websites and platforms, EmediateAd offers a tailor-made setup with a high degree of support.	
d3c3cq33003psk.cloudfront.net	Qubit	Tag Management	Our tag manager, Opentag, is the most advanced tag management solution on the market, used by leading brands to optimize their web technology deployment.	
dc-storm.com	DC Storm	Analytics	DC Storm's Measured Success arms digital businesses with marketing measurement, attribution, analysis and reporting to power data driven decisions.	
de17a.com	Delta Projects AB	Advertising	Delta Projects offers a one-stop-shop for media planning and buying. We call it Smart Campaign Management. It includes everything you need: Planning, Buying, Optimization and Reporting - all in real time. And it doesn&#039;t stop there, we include free Ad Hosting, tracking and personalized support. And it&#039;s all combined with a one-of-a-kind targeting technique. We think that&#039;s kind of a big deal.	
dealtime.com	Dealtime	Price Comparison	DealTime helps you save time and money every time you shop online. DealTime has it all; millions of products, unbiased reviews and the comparison tools you need to find great deals.	
demandbase.com	DemandBase Inc.	Marketing Platform	The first-ever target account marketing platform for B2B marketers. Key in on your key targets like never before.	
demdex.net	Demdex (Adobe)	Tracking	Demdex provides Audience Management solutions for powering dynamic, multi-channel data strategies online. Having pioneered the SaaS Audience Management market since 2008, Demdex&#039;s services are continually being embraced by some of the world&#039;s most recognized brands across diverse industries. As the best alternative to homegrown systems which are expensive to build, operate and maintain, Demdex&#039;s enterprise-level technology provides the scale, reliability, insight and performance necessary for businesses to succeed online.	
devatics.com	Devatics	Web Personalization	The Devatics technology allows marketers to be flexible in optimising sales, that previously has shown increases of over 20%. Every month, more than 10 million visitors enjoy a real time personalized visit, courtesy of Devatics technology!	
developer.android.com	Google	Development Resources	The official site for Android developers. Provides the Android SDK and documentation for app developers and designers.	
dianomi.com	dianomi	Financial Content Marketing	dianomi is dedicated to connecting premium financial advertisers with an affluent audience who are looking to discover valuable financial content, be it a guide, report, article or video, enabling them to make better informed financial decisions.	
digitalscirocco.net	DigitalScirocco Inc. 	CDN	DigitalScirocco assembles and places personalized, relevant, and complementary sets of content for each page view.	
displaymarketplace.com	Pulsepoint Inc	Marketing Platform	PulsePoint helps brands engage the right consumers at scale by fusing the science of programmatic distribution with the art of content marketing.	
disqus.com	Disqus Inc.	Community & Discussion	If you&#039;re passionate about writing and sharing, Disqus helps you build a community of active readers and commenters.	
disquscdn.com	Disqus Inc.	Community & Discussion	If you&#039;re passionate about writing and sharing, Disqus helps you build a community of active readers and commenters.	
dl-rms.com	Dynamic Logic	Advertising	An online research company that specializes in measuring the effectiveness of online communications.	
dmtry.com	Adomotry by Google	Analytics	Adometry solves a problem that the world's top advertisers and agencies face everyday: How do I know what is really influencing customer conversions? We enable marketers to reach higher and achieve more in their advertising campaigns than previously possible. Whether the goal is increased conversions or a more efficient approach, Adometry clients experience a level of success that is both significant and enduring.	
domdex.com	Magnetic	Advertising	Magnetic enables advertisers to reach new and existing customers through search retargeting and other data-driven advertising strategies.	
dotomi.com	Conversant	Analytics	At Conversant our mission is simple - help marketers drive deep consumer engagement and profound brand growth by building personal connections with individuals. One at a time, by the millions. We are transforming digital marketing by empowering leading brands to engage in one-to-one conversations with each of their customers and prospects. We can help virtually any brand leverage the power of personalization to improve marketing results. Every brand and every buyer has unique needs and objectives. Conversant offers different solutions that can be tailored to meet any advertiser's specific goals and budget.	
doubleclick.net	Google	Advertising	Doubleclick is a business owned by Google that makes it money from online advertisers and publishers.	
doubleverify.com	DoubleVerify	Advertising (Video)	Delivering accountable performance in a brand safe environment is critical to the growth of digital advertising. DV is the proven market innovator with the technology and insights that assure brand performance and effectiveness for the world’s largest advertisers online.	
dowjones.com	Dow Jones	Financial Content Marketing	Dow Jones publishes the world’s most trusted business news and financial information in a variety of media. It delivers breaking news, exclusive insights, expert commentary and personal finance strategies.	
dowjoneson.com	Dow Jones	Business News	Dow Jones publishes the worlds most trusted business news and financial information in a variety of media. It delivers breaking news, exclusive insights, expert commentary and personal finance strategies.	
drct2u.com	J.D. Williams & Co Limited	CDN	A domain used by JD Williams to serve content relating to their products across multiple websites.	
drtvtracker.com	Piwik	Analytics	Piwik is the leading open source web analytics platform that gives you valuable insights into your website&#039;s visitors, your marketing campaigns and much more, so you can optimize your strategy and online experience of your visitors.	
dtmpub.com	Conversant	Analytics	At Conversant our mission is simple - help marketers drive deep consumer engagement and profound brand growth by building personal connections with individuals. One at a time, by the millions. We are transforming digital marketing by empowering leading brands to engage in one-to-one conversations with each of their customers and prospects. We can help virtually any brand leverage the power of personalization to improve marketing results. Every brand and every buyer has unique needs and objectives. Conversant offers different solutions that can be tailored to meet any advertiser's specific goals and budget.	
dwin1.com	Digital Window Ltd.	Tracking	Affiliate network offering tracking and management solutions for maintaining an affiliate program.	
dynamicconverter.com	Dynamic Converter	Currency Conversion	Dynamic Converter multi-currency display allows you to show your prices in multiple currencies.	
e.invodo.com	Invodo	Advertising (Video)	Measure the ability to engage and convert shoppers using data and analytics with Invodo video for e-commerce.	
easypolls.net	ObjectPlanet	Market Research (Surveys)	Create free online polls using the intuitive and easy-to-use EasyPolls.net from ObjectPlanet. You can share your polls on Facebook, Twitter, or embed the poll on your page. You can create web polls for free in minutes.	
eccmp.com	Experian	Geo-location	Experian's new Cross-Channel Marketing Platform provides the world's leading brands with the ability to develop full-service marketing campaigns for a wide range of media.	
ecommercefeed.net	ecommercefeed.net	Marketing Platform	A White Label Ecommerce Marketing Platform. An easy way to provide ecommerce marketing services to your clients.	
ecustomeropinions.com	eDigital Research	Surveys	eDigitalSurvey is a fast, cost-effective method of getting accurate feedback from your online, mobile or high street customers - so you can create an improved customer experience, increase conversion, reduce churn and foster brand advocacy.	
edge-cdn.net	MovingIMAGE24	Video Platform (Streaming)	The innovative Managed Video Platform of MovingIMAGE24 allows you to publish videos quickly and flexibly on nearly any internet-capable device.Via the web browser you are hosting your videos, embed them in websites and stream them in superior quality. A highly developed video technology enables the supply of your videos on online portals, intranet or social networks - without any additional software. Last but not least the integration in all common systems (CMS, DAM, PIM) is assured by means of the API. Distribute and manage your video files in compliance with the highest security standards and start to optimize your workflows.	
edgecastcdn.net	EdgeCast Networks Inc. (Verizon)	CDN	EdgeCast's CDN is the world's fastest and most reliable content delivery network. Speed up your website, stream unlimited video, and scale globally instantly.	
edgekey.net	Akamai Technologies	CDN	Trusted by leading brands, Akamai's Intelligent Platform provides the ubiquity required to scale reliably and to quickly adapt to changes. The Akamai Intelligent Platform is the leading cloud platform for delivering secure, high-performing user experiences to any device, anywhere. It reaches globally and delivers locally. The platform is made up of a distributed network of servers and intelligent software, delivering over two trillion interactions daily. No one delivers more Web traffic than Akamai and 90% of Internet users are a single network hop away. The Akamai Intelligent Platform is constantly monitoring Web conditions.	
edgesuite.net	Akamai Technologies	CDN	Trusted by leading brands, Akamai's Intelligent Platform provides the ubiquity required to scale reliably and to quickly adapt to changes. The Akamai Intelligent Platform is the leading cloud platform for delivering secure, high-performing user experiences to any device, anywhere. It reaches globally and delivers locally. The platform is made up of a distributed network of servers and intelligent software, delivering over two trillion interactions daily. No one delivers more Web traffic than Akamai and 90% of Internet users are a single network hop away. The Akamai Intelligent Platform is constantly monitoring Web conditions.	
edigitalresearch.com	eDigitalResearch	Analytics	Leading provider of digital market research, helping businesses to grow by building bespoke insight programmes with passionate researchers, technical specialists and graphic designers all under one roof.	
edigitalsurvey.com	eDigitalResearch	Surveys	Leading provider of digital market research, helping businesses to grow by building bespoke insight programmes with passionate researchers, technical specialists and graphic designers all under one roof.	
edot.co.za	Edot Web Technologies	Web Design	Leading provider of professional web design, content management systems and e-commerce development since 1999 in Johannesburg South Africa"	
effectivemeasure.net	Effective Measure	Advertising	Effective Measure is a leading provider of digital audience, brand and advertising effectiveness measurement and targeting solutions, bringing best practice online measurement data to premium publishers, agencies, networks, advertisers and researchers.	
egain.com	eGain	Analytics	eGain provides multichannel and channel specific analytics that enable companies to design customer journeys and optimize their sales and service performance.	
ehosts.net	eHost	Internet Hosting	Small business web hosting offering additional business services such as: domain name registrations, email accounts, web services, FrontPage help, online community resources and various small business solutions.	
ekmpinpoint.co.uk	ekmsystems Ltd.	Tracking	An easy to use Invisible Web tracker, Hit Counter and Web Statistics system.	
elicitapp.com	Elicit Inc.	Site Search	Every keystroke is an opportunity. elicit gives marketers control over the single most-used feature on a website.	
eloqua.com	Oracle Corporation	Marketing Platform	Transform the way you approach sales and marketing with Eloqua&#039;s leading marketing automation and revenue performance management solutions for the Marketing Cloud.	
emediate.dk	Cxense 	Advertising	EmediateAd is the Ad Serving solution that boosts the revenue of  publishers&#039; digital advertising. Designed for publishers of all sizes or networks with multiple websites and platforms, EmediateAd offers a tailor-made setup with a high degree of support.	
emediate.eu	Cxense	Advertising	EmediateAd is the Ad Serving solution that boosts the revenue of  publishers&#039; digital advertising. Designed for publishers of all sizes or networks with multiple websites and platforms, EmediateAd offers a tailor-made setup with a high degree of support.	
en25.com	Oracle Corporation	Marketing Platform	Transform the way you approach sales and marketing with Eloqua&#039;s leading marketing automation and revenue performance management solutions for the Marketing Cloud.	
ensighten.com	Ensighten	Tag Management	Ensighten offers the industrys first Real-Time Enterprise Tag Management System built for the needs of sophisticated enterprise websites.	
eqads.com	EQ works	Advertising	EQ Works is a North American leader in targeted mobile, web, social and video advertising and digital marketing solutions. A smarter way to target customers.	
estara.com	Oracle Corporation	Marketing Platform	Oracle acquired Art Technology Group (ATG), a leading provider of eCommerce software and related on demand commerce optimization applications, in 2010. ATG&#039;s solutions enable enterprises to provide a cohesive online customer experience with sophisticated merchandising, marketing, content personalization, automated recommendations, and live-help services.	
etracker.de	etracker GmbH	Web Personalization	Web analytics and website optimisation solutions for every business model. Fast and easy integration	
eum-appdynamics.com	AppDynamics	Performance	Get an integrated view of real-time application performance, user experiences, and infrastructure capacity.	
everestjs.net	Adobe Systems Incorporated	CDN JSLib	Everest.js, an industrial-strength client-info-sniffing JavaScript library that stands for: Everything you always wanted to know about your client ... and weren&#039;t afraid to request.	
everesttech.net	Adobe Systems Incorporated	Advertising	Adobe is changing the world through digital experiences. We help our customers create, deliver, and optimize content and applications.	
evisitanalyst.com	Maxsi Ltd.	Analytics	eVisit Analyst is a comprehensive analytics product used by retail, banking, higher education and local government websites. By giving you the power to see how visitors are using your site, eVisit Analyst enables you to improve visitor interaction, smooth out sticking points in your visitor paths and raise your ROI on online marketing. eVisit Analyst can offer a JavaDcript tagging solution that does not rely on cookies or log files to function but still provides a full suite of advanced web analytics reporting.	
exelator.com	eXelate	Analytics	eXelate is the smart data and technology company that powers smarter digital marketing decisions worldwide. eXelate exists to make digital media more relevant for consumers and more effective for marketers. Through software and data services, eXelate provides centralized data management, better consumer insights and more accurate ad targeting across all platforms.	
experian.com	Experian	Credit Reports	We are the leading global information services company, providing data and analytical tools to our clients around the world. We help businesses to manage credit risk, prevent fraud, target marketing offers and automate decision making. We also help people to check their credit report and credit score, and protect against identity theft.	
exponential.com	Exponential Interactive Inc.	Advertising	Exponential Interactive is a global provider of advertising intelligence and digital media solutions to brand advertisers.	
extole.com	Extole Inc.	Loyalty and Referral Marketing	Extole has powered successful referral programs for 300+ brands. Our platform distills years of experience and millions of conversions.	
extreme-dm.com	eXTReMe digital	Analytics	Learn about the visitors of your website. Collect Information. Find Patterns. Understand.	
eyeota.net	Eyota Limited	Advertising	Eyeota helps publishers maximize their audience data revenues, and empowers advertisers to target the exact audience they want.	
eyereturn.com	eyeReturn Marketing 	Marketing Platform	Eyereturn Marketing builds and delivers technology that integrates each part of your digital advertising campaign in one system, in real-time. From ad serving to optimization and real-time bidding to fraud verification.	
eyeviewads.com	EyeView Inc.	Advertising	Eyeview is the world’s leading personalized video solutions provider. We create and execute broadcast-quality online video campaigns from start to finish. By transforming brand assets into limitless personalized video messages and targeting each one of them to the right person at the right time and place, we help marketers move products off shelves and drive increased returns on ad spend and sales.	
facebook.com	Facebook	Social Media	Facebook is a social utility that connects people with friends and others who work, study and live around them.	
facebook.net	Facebook	Social Media	Facebook is a social utility that connects people with friends and others who work, study and live around them.	
fastclick.net	Conversant	Advertising	As the industry leader in personalized digital marketing, there's always something happening at Conversant. See what's newsworthy about our latest technological advancements and innovations, recent business acquisitions, industry thought leadership and our ongoing participation in consumer rights advocacy.	
fastly.net	Fastly	CDN	We're the smartest CDN on the planet. That means microsecond response. Unheard of extensibility. Flexibility.	
fbcdn-profile-a.akamaihd.net	Facebook	Social Media	Facebook domain hosted on the Akamai Technologies&#039; leading cloud platform for media and content delivery, application performance, and Web security.	
fbcdn.net	Facebook	Social Media	Facebook helps you connect and share with the people in your life.	
fbstatic-a.akamaihd.net	Facebook	Social Media	Facebook domain hosted on the Akamai Technologies&#039; leading cloud platform for media and content delivery, application performance, and Web security.	
feedbackify.com	InsideMetrics Limited	Analytics	Your site visitors can come up with some really great suggestions. Feedbackify allows their valuable contributions to be heard without the risk of a vocal minority dictating the future direction of your products or services to the detriment of the silent majority, or your business objectives.	
feedburner.com	Google	Newsfeed Provider	FeedBurner is a web feed management provider launched in 2004. 	
feefo.com	Feefo Holdings Ltd.	Opinions and Reviews	Global ratings and reviews provider, offering genuine feedback as used by the world's most trusted brands.	
fetchback.com	eBay Inc	Advertising	At eBay Enterprise Display and Retargeting (formerly Fetchback), our goal is to provide you with customized campaigns, world-class tools and unmatched expertise to help you every step of the way. You&#039;ll have access to our award-winning creative team, high-touch account management and expert optimization to help grow your brand and ensure your success.	
fiftyone.com	Borderfree	ECommerce Solution	Top brands rely on Borderfree&#039;s global ecommerce solutions, from international logistics and fulfillment to marketing partnerships and strategies.	
fimserve.com	The Rubicon Project	Advertising	Rubicon Project is a leading technology company automating the buying and selling of advertising.	
five.tv	Channel 5 Media	Advertising	Channel 5 is a television network that broadcasts in the United Kingdom. It was launched in 1997, and was the fifth and final national terrestrial network.	
flashtalking.com	Simplicity Marketing Ltd	Advertising	Flashtalking is an independent ad serving, tracking and technology company, providing best-in-class digital advertising products, service and support for online.	
flickr.com	Flickr	Photographic Gallery	Flickr is almost certainly the best online photo management and sharing application in the world. Show off your favorite photos and videos to the world, securely and privately show content to your friends and family, or blog the photos and videos you take with a cameraphone.	
flowplayer.org	Flowplayer Ltd	CDN Video	Flowplayer lets you unleash the full power of HTML5 video. From video encoding and streaming to beautiful playback on all devices. All from one simple, yet powerful user interface.	
fls.doublecclick.net	Google	Tag Management	DoubleClick Floodlight allows businesses to use their online advertisements to monitor the viability of their campaign through the tracking of viewers and those who click on the ads. By using Floodlight capabilities, companies will be able to get an accurate picture of how viewers of their ads behave and how well a campaign may be performing. Tag Management is performed using Google Tag Manager.	
flx1.com	FlxOne	Advertising	FlxOne is a data management platform (DMP) for real-time advertising. Our mission is to help our clients leverage their data across the full advertising workflow to maximize efficiency and ROI, while keeping control of their data.	
flxpxl.com	FlxOne	Advertising	FlxOne is a data management platform (DMP) for real-time advertising. Our mission is to help our clients leverage their data across the full advertising workflow to maximize efficiency and ROI, while keeping control of their data.	
fontdeck.com	Fontdeck LLC	CDN Fonts	Fontdeck is standards compliant, accessible and uses a pure CSS @font-face solution. No JavaScript required.	
fonts.com	Monotype	CDN Fonts	Fonts.com provides the biggest and best selection of high quality desktop and web fonts. Try, buy and download classics like Helvetica, Univers, Frutiger, Trade Gothic and Avenir along with popular new fonts like Soho and Neo. Find your type!	
fonts.googleapis.com	Google	CDN Fonts	Google Fonts provides high-quality fonts that you can include in your pages using the Google Fonts API.	
fonts.net	Monotype	CDN Fonts	Fonts.com provides the biggest and best selection of high quality desktop and web fonts. Try, buy and download classics like Helvetica, Univers, Frutiger, Trade Gothic and Avenir along with popular new fonts like Soho and Neo. Find your type!	
foodity.com	Foodity Technologies Ltd	Advertising	Foodity connects publishers, brands and retailers to create instantly shoppable content, ads or applications.	
forensics1000.com	Lead Forensics	Lead Generation	Lead Forensics is lead Generation Software that can make a real difference to your ROI and ultimately your business. Request a free demo and 7 day trial to learn more.	
foxycart.com	FoxyCart	Merchant Services	FoxyCart helps developers create powerful, custom ecommerce in less time, while equipping merchants with the fastest checkout flow available to their customers.	
freegeoip.net	(community-funded)	Geo Location	freegeoip.net is a public REST API for searching geolocation of IP addresses and host names.	
frienefit.com	Frienefit	Loyalty and Referral Marketing	frienefit is not only for ecommerce stores but can be used by any website looking to build a loyal user base, increase conversions (sales or otherwise) and/or drive additional traffic. Our platform pairs extensive functionality and customization with simple set-up and management.	
fstech.co.uk	Six Degrees Group	Internet Hosting	Six Degrees Group offers integrated managed communication services like datacenter co-location, managed hosting, cloud computing, Leased lines &amp; MPLS and IP Voice services for all your business needs.	
ftjcfx.com	CJ Affiliate by Conversant	Advertising	At CJ Affiliate by Conversant, we do things differently. We not only operate the most highly regarded affiliate marketing network in the world, we also deliver a wide range of pay for performance-based advertising opportunities to help companies drive growth. As a result, retailers on the Internet Retailer Top 500 list are 2X more likely to choose CJ over any other affiliate marketing provider. In fact, Internet Retailer recently ranked CJ as the No. 1 affiliate marketing provider “by a long shot” in the 2013 edition of their Leading Vendors To The Top 1000 E-Retailers ranking.	
fwmrm.net	freewheel.tv	Video Platform (Streaming)	FreeWheel gives enterprise-level media companies the infrastructure they need to create scaled, profitable content businesses in the new media landscape.	
fyre.co	Livefyre	Community & Discussion	At Livefyre we're passionate about building engaging real-time conversations and community for brands and digital publishers. Our suite of real-time products are defining a new breed of web and mobile experiences that boost website traffic, increase user engagement and drive revenue.	
g-ecx.images-amazon.com	Amazon	CDN Images	A domain used by Amazon Web Services to serve images at various sizes automatically.	
g.doubleclick.net	Google Adsense	Advertising	AdSense is a free, simple way to earn money by displaying targeted ads next to your online content. With AdSense, you can show relevant and engaging ads to your site visitors and even customize the look and feel of ads to match your website.	
gaug.es	Fastest Forward	Analytics	Analyze all your traffic in real time with our beautiful, easy to understand interface. Gauges helps you focus on the most actionable website traffic metrics - how many visitors come to your site, where they come from, and where they go.	
gdimg.net	Com Laude	Domain Services	Com Laude registers, maintains and renews domain names around the world for leading intellectual property owners and the law firms that support them.    	
gdmdigital.com	Global Digital Markets Limited, a VE Interact	Ad Real-time Bidding	GDM is a biddable media company. We help advertisers engage with their audience in real time, on a massive scale and across all connected devices.	
geckotribe.com	Gecko Tribe, LLC	Newsfeed Provider	RSS &amp; Atom tools, iMovie &amp; FileMaker Pro plug-ins and solutions, online chess, web design and more.	
geo.yieldifylabs.com	Yieldify	Analytics	Yieldify is an eCommerce solution that converts visitors into customers. We harness our multi-channel abandonment analytics platform to mould personalised buyer journeys for the modern, always-on consumer. Our expert teams build, manage and measure tailored on-site and email campaigns, across every channel. Our technology creates incremental value for top global brands by optimising their online conversion rates and driving lead generation.	
geoplugin.com	Geoplugin	Geo-location	geoPlugin is a free and easy webmaster resource to provide geolocation technology to your pages.	
geoplugin.net	Geoplugin	Geo-location	geoPlugin is a free and easy webmaster resource to provide geolocation technology to your pages.	
geotrust.com	GeoTrust Inc.	Website Security	Ensure SSL security with SSL certificates from GeoTrust. View our range of identity validation & document security services.	
getclicky.com	Roxr Software Ltd.	Analytics	Clicky Web Analytics is simply the best way to monitor, analyze, and react to your blog or web site's traffic in real time.	
getsentry.com	Sentry	Event Logging Platform	Sentry notifies you when your users experience errors in your web and mobile apps.	
gigya.com	Gigya Inc.	Social Plugins	Gigya offers social media tools to online businesses helping them integrate their sites with top social networks such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google+ &amp; more.	
github.io	Github	CDN JSLib	Websites for you and your projects. Hosted directly from your GitHub repository. Just edit, push, and your changes are live.	
gldsta-02-or.com	Lead Forensics	Analytics	With Lead Forensics you get complete access to who is visiting your site, what exactly they looked at while there and how to make contact with them. Lead Forensics delivers all this information through a simple sleek interface that allows you to easily assign leads to sales team members and access full contact and visitor information. So your sales team can be more empowered and more effective.	
globase.com	Globase International	Email Marketing	Globase International has provided and developed one of the market's leading online marketing technologies for customer segmentation and automated campaign management – online, offline and SMS.	
go-mpulse.net	Soasta	Performance	RUM — Real User Monitoring, delivered by SOASTA mPulse. mPulse captures and aggregates the performance and engagement metrics most important to your business—in real time—giving you the real-user intelligence you need to correlate the impact of performance on your bottom line, alert you with contextual information so you can take appropriate action, and feed critical information back into the development lifecycle.	
Google	plus.google.com	Social Media	Google Plus. Connect with friends and family, explore your interests, and see how all of Google gets better.	
google-analytics.com	Google	Analytics	Google Analytics lets you measure your advertising ROI as well as track your Flash, video, and social networking sites and applications.	
google.co.uk	Google	Advertising	The Google Display Network lets you place ads on a variety of news sites, blogs and other niche sites across the Internet to reach more potential customers	
google.com	Google	Advertising	The Google Display Network lets you place ads on a variety of news sites, blogs and other niche sites across the Internet to reach more potential customers	
googleadservices.com	Google	Advertising	Google AdSense is a program run by Google that allows publishers in the Google Network of content sites to serve automatic text, image, video, or interactive media advertisements, that are targeted to site content and audience. These advertisements are administered, sorted, and maintained by Google, and they can generate revenue on either a per-click or per-impression basis.	
googleapis.com	Google	CDN	googleapis.com is a domain used by Google APIs which is an widget company that is part of a network of sites, cookies, and other technologies used to track you, what you do and what you click on, as you go from site to site, surfing the Web	
googlecode.com	Google	CDN JSLib	Project Hosting on Google Code is fast, reliable, and easy open source hosting service.	
googlecommerce.com	Google	Payment Gateway	Increases conversions by streamlining your purchase flow on mobile apps and websites.	
googlesyndication.com	Google	Advertising	Google AdSense is a program run by Google that allows publishers in the Google Network of content sites to serve automatic text, image, video, or interactive media advertisements, that are targeted to site content and audience. These advertisements are administered, sorted, and maintained by Google, and they can generate revenue on either a per-click or per-impression basis.	
googletagmanager.com	Google	Tag Management	Google Tag Manager is free and easy, leaving more time and money to spend on your marketing campaigns. You manage your tags and configure your mobile applications yourself, with an easy-to-use web interface, rather than forcing you or your IT department to write or rewrite code.	
googletagservices.com	Google	Tag Management	Google Tag Manager makes it easy for marketers to add and update website tags -- including analytics, remarketing, and more.	
googleusercontent.com	Google	CDN	Google stores images in googleusercontent.com; it is a domain used for a variety of purposes, including cached copies of websites visited by the Google search engine, but the general purpose of this domain appears to be to store static content.	
gooo.al	Marcaria.com	Domain Services	Marcaria.com is a company specialized in the global registration and protection of trademarks and domain names, with presence in more than 220 countries and territories in the five continents.	
goshoplogic.com	Bloomreach	Marketing Platform	We give ecommerce merchants an intelligent way to optimize and manage promotions.	
goshowoff.com	ASP	Web Design	We provide websites and online marketing, mainly for the event, exhibition and conference market.	
gosquared.com	GoSquared	Analytics	GoSquared is the real-time analytics service that helps you act now, not tomorrow.	
gotraffic.net	Bloomberg	CDN	As the needs of the marketplace have evolved, rich data content and low latency market data have become important factors that determine success in high frequency algorithmic trading. Bloomberg is addressing this need by providing secure and reliable colocation, connectivity choice and interconnection services for Bloomberg&#039;s data services and Bloomberg Tradebook in third party data centers.	
granify.com	Granify Inc.	Accessibility	Granify flags your visitors while they shop. We identify with 95% accuracy which visitors are going to leave your site without buying — and more importantly the reason why. Granify learns from your traffic and gets smarter and smarter over time.	
grapeshot.co.uk	Grapeshot	Advertising	Grapeshot is a software technology company using advanced Information Retrieval techniques pioneered at Cambridge University. Our software searches and analyses keywords on billions of pages in real time, perfectly matching advertisers messages to relevant content instantly.	
graph.facebook.com	Facebook	Social Media	Facebook's social graph is the largest social network dataset in the world, and it contains the largest number of defined relationships between the largest number of people among all websites due to the fact that it is the most widely used social networking service in the world.	
gravatar.com	Automattic	Image Management	An "avatar" is an image that represents you online - a little picture that appears next to your name when you interact with websites. Gravatar is a free service for site owners, developers, and users. It is automatically included in every WordPress.com account and is run and supported by Automattic.	
grvcdn.com	Gravity (AOL)	Web Personalization	We've built a personalization engine framework called the Interest Graph, which is the set of things you care about and how much you care about them.	
gscontxt.net	Grapeshot	Advertising	We make advertising welcome, helping advertisers match their messages to related online content, ensuring the viewer will be interested in the advertising they see.	
gsipartners.com	eBay Enterprise	Web Design	eBay Enterprise (formerly GSI Commerce) is an eBay company specializing in creating, developing and running online shopping sites for brick and mortar brands and retailers.	
gstatic.com	Google	Tracking	Google is a powerful marketing tool that can help you grow your business. Every day millions of people search on Google to find products or services and many of them could be looking for products or services that you offer.	
guardian.co.uk	Guardian Media	Advertising	Essential information, tools and resources for media agencies.	
gumgum.com	GumGum	Advertising	GumGum is a new kind of display advertising platform, built on the fundamental belief that to be effective, ads must be relevant, engaging and viewable. Known best for its invention of in-image advertising, GumGum's products have since grown to include several display, mobile and video solutions to help brands tell their stories and publishers unlock new sources of revenue.	
gwallet.com	RadiumOne Inc.	Ad Real-time Bidding	RadiumOne touches millions of engaged consumers every day through RadiumOne Engage, a leading network of social media games and applications. With a value-exchange focus for Brand and Direct-response advertisers, we&#039;re able to drive hard completions and full brand engagement. The value to users? Premium content that they were otherwise never going to purchase. With over 90% of users never getting monetized, this offers a full circle opportunity for brands to directly engage with users and for users to continue engaging in their game.	
h4k5.com	DC Storm	Analytics	DC Storm's Measured Success arms digital businesses with marketing measurement, attribution, analysis and reporting to power data driven decisions.	
hawksearch.info	Thanx Media	Site Search	Thanx Media has helped hundreds of customers enhance their websites for an improved user experience resulting in higher conversions and revenues.	
heapanalytics.com	Heap	Analytics	Heap is web and mobile analytics that automatically captures everything. You can analyze data instantly and retroactively. No shipping code. No waiting for data.	
heatmap.it	Heatmap Inc.	Analytics	Know how users are interacting with your pages right now. Get the data you need, right on your content, with our technology inspired by augmented reality	
hellobar.com	Crazy Egg Inc.	Analytics	Through Crazy Egg's heat map and scroll map reports you can get an understanding of how your visitors engage with your website so you can boost your conversion rates.	
histats.com	Histats	Analytics	Histats.com Counter, the free web stats and stat counter, hit counter, free web tracker and tracking tools, professional and free!!	
hittail.com	The Numa Group	Search Engine Optimisation	HitTail, the long tail keyword tool, guarantees to increase your organic traffic by focusing on the most promising keywords in your existing traffic.	
hostingprod.com	Yahoo! Inc.	Internet Hosting	Secure hosting from Yahoo!	
hotjar.com	Hotjar	Analytics	See how visitors are really using your website, collect user feedback and turn more visitors into customers.	
hs-analytics.net	Hubspot Inc.	Marketing Platform	HubSpot is an inbound marketing software platform that helps companies attract visitors, convert leads, and close customers.	
hscta.net	HubSpot Inc.	Marketing Platform	HubSpot is an inbound marketing software platform that helps companies attract visitors, convert leads, and close customers.	
hsforms.net	HubSpot Inc.	Marketing Platform	HubSpot is an inbound marketing software platform that helps companies attract visitors, convert leads, and close customers.	
http://ati-host.net/	AT Internet	Analytics	Our Web Analytics solution has been designed to help drive your performance in real time on social networks, applications, Intranet and the web etc. The solution offers all of the features which are essential to carrying out an advanced analysis of your audience as standard, by integrating specific business modules: e-Commerce tracking, multichannel campaign analysis, performance monitoring, rich media tracking, dashboarding, data management (data import/export), etc.	
hubspot.com	Hubspot Inc.	Marketing Platform	HubSpot is an inbound marketing software platform that helps companies attract visitors, convert leads, and close customers.	
i-transactads.com	Response Team	Advertising	The only sales house in the country exclusively selling online media opportunities from leading e-commerce brands. We sell to advertisers who want to target online shoppers.	
iadvize.com	 iAdvize SAS	Live Support	iAdvize is a real-time online customer service solution (Click to Chat, Click to Call, Click to Video), combined with a behavioural targeting engine. Chosen by more than 1000 companies throughout Europe, iAdvize increases conversion rates and optimises customer satisfaction and loyalty.	
ibillboard.com	iBillboard	Advertising	iBILLBOARD is an international umbrella brand consisting of various products, all of which allow both Advertisers and Publishers to gain the most benefits. In order to distinguish the brand, we have created unique products which can be used separately. Providing a complete, fully automated advertising platform allows us to be the biggest RTB oriented technology provider in Central East European region.	
ibpxl.com	Internet Brands	Content Provision	Since launching in 1998 as CarsDirect.com, Internet Brands has grown to become a fully integrated online media and client services organization focused on four high-value vertical categories: Automotive, Health, Legal and Home / Travel.	
ic-live.com	iCrossing Inc.	Advertising	iCrossing is a global digital marketing agency that combines proprietary technology with top-notch talent to build connected brands that delight customers and deliver results.	
ic.com.au	WebWombat	Search Engine	Web Wombat is the original Australian search engine. We have Australian web search, motoring news, funny photos and more. Search Australia with Web Wombat.	
icnetwork.co.uk	Trinity Mirror Digital Media Ltd.	News Provider	All the latest news, sport and celebrity gossip at Mirror.co.uk. Get all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you.	
idio.co	Ido Ltd.	Customer Engagement	Unlock individual audience interests, manage and improve your Content Marketing strategy and increase customer engagement with idio's Content Intelligence.	
idsync.rlcdn.com	LiveRamp	Advertising	We help hundreds of brands connect their customer data to more than 120 digital marketing applications and media platforms. Here’s how our process works and what sets us apart.	
idtargeting.com	Realtime Targeting	Advertising	Realtime Targeting Management. Bring back your lost customers and boost your search with our simple retargeting platform. Find your lost customers today!	
igodigital.com	iGoDigital	Web Personalization	iGoDigital is the leading provider of ecommerce personalization solutions that support online retail. Request a demo of our ecommerce solutions and start increasing conversions and customer engagement.	
imallcdn.net	Online republic	Travel Search Tools	Online Republic is a global travel group specialising in cruise, car rental and motorhome travel bookings. Our angle is simple. Give customers better value, better advice and better service than they can find anywhere else, on or offline.	
impact-ad.jp	Digital Advertising Consortium Inc.	Advertising	Digital Advertising Consortium (DAC) is one of Japan's leading company in online advertising  focusing on Agent, Diversified Advertising Service and Media fields.	
impdesk.com	Infectious Media Ltd.	Advertising	Infectious Media deliver customised real-time advertising campaigns powered by BIG data, integrated and processed using our data management platform...	
impressiondesk.com	Infectious Media Ltd	Advertising	Impression Desk is our multi-exchange trading &#039;engine&#039;. It&#039;s more than just a &#039;DSP&#039;. It&#039;s a combination of core DSP technologies with additional proprietary data, technology and service layers on top. We&#039;ve developed it based on our requirements and experience of serving UK and European focussed advertisers	
imrworldwide.com	The Nielsen Company	Surveys	The Nielsen Company, a leading global information and measurement company, provides market research, insights & data about what people watch & what people buy.	
incisivemedia.com	Incisive Media	Business News	Incisive Media, one of the world&#039;s fastest growing B2B information providers, delivers world class content in print, in person and online.	
infinity-tracking.net	Infinity Tracking Ltd.	Call Tracking	Infinity Call Tracking is a complete analytics tracking service with integrated call tracking capabilities. With Infinity Call Tracking, you can track calls from your website and know exactly what marketing activity brought them there; whether it was from another website, Google or your PPC campaign.	
inktad.com	Ink	Advertising	Ink is a global leader in Travel media. We are experts in producing inflight media and inflight advertising, which includes inflight magazines and targeted advertising	
inq.com	Touch Commerce	Live Support	TouchCommerce enables you to engage with your customers anytime, anywhere, on any device they choose. Our omni-channel engagement solutions deliver the experience your customers have come to expect. Learn more about the different ways TouchCommerce can help you meet and exceed your sales and support business goals.	
inside-graph.com	PowerFront	Web Design	Integrated solutions & ongoing improvements.	
insightexpressai.com	Insight Express	Analytics	InsightExpress is a leading provider of media analytics and marketing accountability solutions for brand marketers. The company's proprietary solutions provide a holistic approach to advertising measurement that quantifies the return on marketing investment for online, mobile, tablet and cross-media campaigns.	
insipio.com	Insipio	Accessibility	Insipio is a Swedish company that provides server-based services in the area of increased information accessibility of electronically stored information, particularly for Internet and mobile solutions.	
inskinmedia.com	InSkin Media Ltd.	Advertising	InSkin Media is a market-leading advertising technology business, specialising in high-impact online video &amp; display advertising formats	
inspectlet.com	Inspectlet	Analytics	Inspectlet records videos of your visitors as they use your site, allowing you to see everything they do. See every mouse movement, scroll, click, and keypress on your site. You never need to wonder how visitors are using your site again.	
instagram.com	Instagram	Photographic Gallery	Instagram is a fast, beautiful and fun way to share your life with friends and family. Take a picture or video, choose a filter to transform its look and feel, then post to Instagram — it&#039;s that easy. You can even share to Facebook, Twitter, Tumblr and more. It&#039;s a new way to see the world.	
instansive.com	Instansive	Image Interactivity	Instansive is responsive Instagram widget for Your website or blog.	
instantservice.com	Oracle Corporation	Marketing Platform	Oracle acquired Art Technology Group (ATG), a leading provider of eCommerce software and related on demand commerce optimization applications, in 2010. ATG's solutions enable enterprises to provide a cohesive online customer experience with sophisticated merchandising, marketing, content personalization, automated recommendations, and live-help services.	
intelli-direct.com	Cognesia	Marketing Platform	Cognesia improve client&#039;s marketing, content and ecommerce performance through optimisation, personalisation and testing software and services.	
intellitxt.com	Vibrant Media	Advertising (Video)	Vibrant is a world leader in contextual technology aligning billions of words across the Internet with relevant video, information, tools, and advertising. With over 6,000 premium publishers, reaching over 250 million unique users per month (comScore, 2011), Vibrant gives top brand marketers the opportunity to deliver highly targeted advertisements within premium Web content and offers publishers premium editorial tools to re-circulate users throughout their websites. Vibrant works with top brand advertisers such as Microsoft, Unilever, Warner Bros and AT&amp;T. The company was founded in 2000 and has offices in London, New York, Boston, Detroit, Chicago, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Paris, Hamburg, Munich and Dusseldorf. Vibrant's rapid growth has been recognized by the Inc. 500 and Deloitte Fast 50 lists. Vibrant CEO and co-founder Doug Stevenson was named Ernst &amp; Young Entrepreneur Of The Year&reg; 2010 for Metro New York.	
invitemedia.com	Google	Advertising	Invite Media is a high impact demand-side platform that enables advertisers, agencies and agency trading desks to use real-time bidding to buy and optimize online media. Buyers can use Invite Media&#039;s technology to set up and manage automated strategies to help facilitate intelligent buying across all major sources of real-time bidded inventory, all in a single interface. With the ability to apply data from any major source, plus the freedom to create business rules for bidding and optimization, Invite Media gives buyers flexible control over campaign performance. Top agencies and advertisers rely on Invite Media&#039;s transparent universal buying platform, Bid Manager, to use their own and third-party data while gaining efficiency and scale from an integrated workflow and reporting system.	
invodo.com	Invodo	Advertising (Video)	Measure the ability to engage and convert shoppers using data and analytics with Invodo video for e-commerce.	
ioam.de	Infoline GmbH	Analytics	Infoline is the provider of Internet audience measurement services in Germany. As a service provider of AGOF and IVW we provide to the online advertising market, the performance values â€‹â€‹for the use of the medium Internet. The determined on this basis web coverage online deals can be successfully marketed efficiently.	
iperceptions.com	iPerceptions	Customer Engagement	iPerceptions provides the capabilities to engage with your customers in the 'Moment of Truth' on multiple digital touch points. Gain insights from tactical to strategic with methods to collect a random sample and comment cards to connect with individual customers.	
ist-track.com	Intelligent Reach	Tracking	Intelligent Reach's primary objective is to increase the revenues and profit of its customers, online retailers. Consumer behaviour is changing at a rapid pace, and the places, ways and technologies to sell online are fragmenting.	
iwantthatflight.com.au	Gath Adams	Travel Search Tools	The site makes it easy to find the cheapest domestic and international airfares. once you have found the airfare that you want we send you directly to the airline to book, which means no fees or commissions. If a cheaper price for the same airfare can be found through another travel agent, then that is shown as an option as well.	
ixiaa.com	Ixi Corp. (Equifax)	Financial Content Marketing	IXI Services helps the nation&#039;s leading financial services and consumer marketing firms optimize marketing efforts, identify growth markets, and enhance practice and performance management.	
janrainbackplane.com	Janrain Inc.	Web Personalization	Janrain specializes in customer identity data management and social login systems so businesses know their customers and leverage data to deliver personalized marketing.	
jquery.com	MaxCDN	CDN	jQuery CDN, powered by MaxCDN.	
jquerytools.org	Flowzymes Ky	CDN JSLib	A collection of the most important user-interface components for todays websites.	
jsdelivr.net	jsDelivr	CDN JSLib	A free super-fast CDN for developers and webmasters.	
jsonip.com	jsonip.com	Tracking	jsonip.com is a free utility service that returns a client's IP address in a JSON object with support for JSONP, CORS, and direct requests. It serves millions of requests each day for websites, servers, mobile devices and more from all around the world. jsonip has been in service since November 2010.	
juicyads.com	JuicyAds	Advertising	JuicyAds is an advertising marketplace for publishers to sell ads and earn money, as well as for advertisers looking to buy traffic.	
jump-time.net	OpenX Technologies Inc	Advertising	With OpenX, publishers make more money by maximizing ad inventory and content engagement. Advertisers reach targeted audiences at scale and improve ROI.	
justuno.com	JustUno	Email Marketing	Boost sales & social marketing leads by offering instant coupons for a Facebook Like, Tweet, or Google +1.  Don't buy fans, gain real fans for free with Justuno.	
jwpsrv.com	LongTail Ad Solutions. Inc.	Video Tools	JW Player is the web&#039;s most popular online video player providing media solutions to publishers of all sizes.	
kameleoon.com	Kameleoon	A-B Testing	Launch your A/B tests easily ... at last! Create variants of your web pages â€“ no technical knowledge required: modify text, colour, product images, button sizes, banners, block placement etc. Incredibly simple: 5 min installation. One tag for all your tests, targeting and personalizations.	
kampyle.com	Kampyle LTD	Usability Research (Customer Experience)	A simple and powerful customer feedback solution for web and mobile. Listen, understand and act on customer feedback to achieve business results with Kampyle	
kau.li	Kauli	Advertising	Kauli works by selecting and posting advertisement automatically based on user's browsing frequency that is expected to gain the highest benefit. To respond domestic`s major advertisement network, we are calculating the expected benefit for each advertisement network by using a machine learning algorithm that has been developed by Kauli originally.	
kiosked.com	Kiosked	Advertising	Kiosks are responsive and non-intrusive graphical overlays. Kiosks can be either products or ads. They are automatic and connected to a dynamic database. Kiosks are geo-location aware, customizable and measurable in real-time.	
kissmetrics.com	KISSmetrics	Analytics	Giving you the knowledge you need to make better decisions. KISSmetrics is a revolutionary person-based analytics platform for your whole team. Get product, sales, marketing, customer support working together to improve the metrics that matter.	
klick2contact.com	Klick2Contact EU Ltd.	Live Support	The K2C suite of Live Help services via Chat and Call-Back offers, in real time, a way to improve the customer’s experience when they explore, interact and purchase from any company’s website.	
kodajo.com	Kodajo Ltd.	Connectivity	Our networking features allow you to connect with other businesses to ask and answer questions, discuss topics and network online. You can make, and receive, online referrals and introductions to and from other businesses to discover new opportunities for your business.	
kontera.com	Amobee, Inc.	Marketing Platform	[a•mo•bee] is the leading global digital marketing technology company. The [a•mo•bee] technology platform provides advertisers, agencies, publishers, and operators with innovative cross channel digital marketing technology and solutions.	
krxd.net	Krux Digital Inc	Internet Hosting	Krux's cloud-based infrastructure helps websites capture, control, and connect consumer data across screens and source, putting data to work delivering web experiences that are cooler, safer, faster, and smarter.	
lead-123.com	Lead Forensics	Analytics	With Lead Forensics you get complete access to who is visiting your site, what exactly they looked at while there and how to make contact with them. Lead Forensics delivers all this information through a simple sleek interface that allows you to easily assign leads to sales team members and access full contact and visitor information. So your sales team can be more empowered and more effective.	
leadback.advertising.com	AOL	Advertising	LeadBack allows you to find people online that have already viewed your ads or visited your website, then target them again – called retargeting – with another ad.	
leadforensics.com	Lead Forensics	Analytics	With Lead Forensics you get complete access to who is visiting your site, what exactly they looked at while there and how to make contact with them. Lead Forensics delivers all this information through a simple sleek interface that allows you to easily assign leads to sales team members and access full contact and visitor information. So your sales team can be more empowered and more effective.	
lemde.fr	Bitly	Content Provision	Bitly Brand Tools: Own, understand and activate your best audience through the power of the link.	
levexis.com	Ensighten	Advertising	Ensighten is the global leader in omni-channel data and tag management. Its Agile Marketing Platform is built to meet the evolving needs of digital marketers in large enterprise organizations. TagMan was acquired by Ensighen in 2014.	
lexity.com	Yahoo! Inc.	Analytics	Yahoo Commerce Central is the easiest way to grow your small and medium ecommerce businesses. We provide the best real time analytics and insights for ecommerce for free, and apps to advertize your store through Google, Amazon, Facebook, Pinterest and Twitter.Yahoo Commerce Central works with Magento, Shopify, Virtuemart, OScommerce, Prestashop, BigCommerce, Volusion, Yahoo stores and many other ecommerce platforms.	
lfstmedia.com	Lifestreet Media	Advertising	LifeStreet, LifeStreet Media, online advertising, in app advertising, app monetization, performance marketing, display advertising.	
liadm.com	Iponweb	Connectivity	IPONWEB has a vision for RTB and Media Trading that is open, transparent and allows many different kinds of businesses to trade and sell media in real-time. All in their own unique way	
libs.coremetrics.com	IBM Corp.	Analytics	IBM EMM solutions are recognised as market leaders by leading industry analyst reports which cover multi-channel campaign management, cross-channel campaign management, integrated marketing management and customer analytics.	
licdn.com	LinkedIn	CDN	LinkedIn, the world&#039;s largest professional network with 300 million members in over 200 countries and territories around the globe.	
lijit.com	sovrn	Advertising	sovrn is an advocate of and partner to almost 20,000 publishers across the independent web, representing more than a million sites, who use our tools, services and analytics to grow their audience, engage their readers, and monetize their site. We own and operate one of the largest global exchanges that connects publishers with a complete range of third-party monetization solutions, including display, video, and mobile, as well as private marketplaces and data-driven yield optimization.	
linkcious.com	Linkcious	Web Personalization	Linkcious is an awesome product recommendation engine that helps you show your products like the related products on Amazon.	
linkedin.com	LinkedIn	Social Media	LinkedIn, the world's largest professional network with 300 million members in over 200 countries and territories around the globe.	
linksynergy.com	Rakuten LinkShare	Advertising	Rakuten LinkShare is a leading provider of full-service online marketing solutions specializing in the areas of Affiliate Marketing and Display and Retargeting. Grow sales and find new customers with Rakuten LinkShare, trusted experts providing the industry with thought leadership, superior service and most importantly.	
listrakbi.com	Listrak	Marketing Platform	Listrak provides a single, integrated digital marketing platform that allows omnichannel retailers to reach their audience through email marketing, mobile marketing, social marketing and more.	
livechatinc.com	LiveChat	Live Support	Live chat software for business. Intelligent customer engagement, real-time website monitoring and live help/live support tools. Increase your sales and ROI with live chat.	
liveclicker.net	LiveClicker	Email Marketing	Liveclicker delivers rich customer experiences for leading brands across email and the web. Its RealTime Email solution brings static emails to life with content updated dynamically at the moment of open. Liveclicker’s video commerce solutions help today’s top brands – from production through conversion – generate the most ROI from video.	
livefyre.com	Livefyre Inc.	Content Provision	Livefyre helps you discover original content about your brand from anywhere and use it everywhere. Real-time content marketing made simple.	
livehelpnow.net	LiveHelpNow LLC	Helpdesk Services	Best rated Help Desk Software for Customer Service with Live Chat, Ticketing system, Knowledge base/FAQ and Call management.  Open the door for customers with live chat, email-ticket and self-service knowledge base.	
liveperson.net	LivePerson Inc.	Live Support	Websites use LiveEngage's intelligent chat and offer banners to spark conversations. By engaging visitors with targeted offers based on their individual behavior, you can increase conversion rates by as much as 25%.	
liverail.com	LiveRail	Advertising	LiveRail is the leading publisher monetization platform for online video. With over 5bn impressions delivered via our platform each month, LiveRail sets the standard for innovative online video advertising technology solutions. Our mission is to provide premium publishers with the technology to sell their video inventory smarter and safer, across all devices. Our technology is used by hundreds of major publishers who benefit from sophisticated analytics, advanced controls, and unparalleled transparency ultimately generating maximum yield for every ad impression.	
llnwd.net	Limelight Networks	CDN	Limelight Orchestrate Suite Limelight Orchestrate Limelight Orchestrate is a cloud-based platform that provides a suite of tools to create, manage, deliver, and optimize your engagement across touchpoints.	
locayta.com	ATTRAQTLtd	Site Search	Established in 2002, originally as Locayta Ltd., the company originally specialised in developing software for advanced online search solutions. As eCommerce developed, the company saw the potential for search to be a key element in the commercial success of retail platforms. Today, ATTRAQT provides search and merchandising solutions to online retailers in the UK and US. ATTRAQT is privately owned.	
lognormal.net	Soasta	Performance	The SOASTA Platform enables developers, QA and IT operations to load and performance test web and mobile apps with speed, scale and precision.	
LongTail Ad Solutions. Inc.	LongTail Ad Solutions Inc.	Advertising (Video)	JW Player is the web's most popular online video player providing media solutions to publishers of all sizes.	
longtailvideo.com	LongTail Ad Solutions. Inc.	Video Tools	JW Player is the web&#039;s most popular online video player providing media solutions to publishers of all sizes.	
loop11.com	Loop11	Usability Research (Customer Experience)	Loop11 is a remote usability testing tool that enables you to test the user-experience of any website and identify navigational and usability issues. Test the usability of your website quickly, cost effectively and properly!	
loopassets.net	Loop Commerce	Online Gifting	Loop easily integrates into online stores and provides their customers with a simple way for thoughtful gift giving.	
luckyorange.com	Lucky Orange LLC	Analytics	Get into the minds of your customers by watching them navigate your site and chatting with them as they do so.	
luckyorange.net	Lucky Orange LLC	Analytics	Get into the minds of your customers by watching them navigate your site and chatting with them as they do so.	
luminate.com	Luminate	Advertising	Luminate is the leading in-image advertising and related content network with over 200 million monthly uniques.	
mailchimp.com	The Rocket Science Group	Customer Engagement	MailChimp is the best way to design, send, and share email newsletters.	
mapbox.com 	Mapbox	Mapping Services	Anyone can design a map with Mapbox Studio. Our open source design tool allows you to choose what you want on the map and exactly how it looks. Add data, pick fonts and colors &ndash; you have control over every detail.	
maps.googleapis.com	Google	Mapping Services	The Google Static Maps API lets you embed a Google Maps image on your web page without requiring JavaScript or any dynamic page loading. The Google Static Map service creates your map based on URL parameters sent through a standard HTTP request and returns the map as an image you can display on your web page.	
marinsm.com	Marin Software	Advertising	Manage your Paid Search, Display Advertising, Social Media and Mobile Advertising in one easy to use platform.  Marin Software's powerful bid management and ppc optimization tools will help you generate more conversions and save time.	
marketo.net	Marketo	Marketing Platform	Marketo provides easy and powerful marketing automation software with everything a marketer needs: email, social, analytics, lead management and more.	
marketwatch.com	The Wall Street Journal	Business News	Stock Market Quotes, Business News and Financial News.	
match.rtbidder.net	Brandscreen	Ad Real-time Bidding	Brandscreen Adserver - Brandscreen offers a media-buying platform that empowers marketers to more effectively invest in programmatic digital media. Brandscreen has led innovation in technology-enabled digital media buying since creating one of the first demand side platforms (DSPs) in 2007. Since then, Brandscreen has continued to innovate - most recently delivering the industry's first digital-out-of-home (DOOH) marketplace! Brandscreen is well positioned to continue its innovation through agile and responsive collaboration with existing customers as well as proactive development of our market leading platform.	
mathtag.com	MediaMath	Advertising	MathTag.com is a domain used by MediaMath to place cookies, on behalf of its customers, on the computers of visitors to our selected customer's websites and who may view our customer's display advertisements. We offer visitors a means for controlling the use of session information with respect to the MediaMath products using cookies set from MediaMath's MathTag.com domain. If at any time the visitor does not wish to allow his/her session visitation information to be aggregated and analyzed by MediaMath, he/she may utilize the following opt out mechanism.	
mavic852.com	Lead Forensics	Lead Generation	Lead Forensics is lead Generation Software that can make a real difference to your ROI and ultimately your business. Request a free demo and 7 day trial to learn more.	
maxmind.com	MaxMind Inc.	Geo Location	Use GeoIP intelligence for content personalization, ad targeting, traffic analysis, digital rights management, and more.	
maxymiser.net	Maxymiser	A-B Testing	Maxymiser enables marketers to increase the effectiveness of websites by using A/B and multivariate testing with personalization to proactively manage conversion rates by adapting content to respond to live visitors.	
mc.yandex.ru	Yandex	Analytics	Yandex.Metrica is a free tool that helps you increase the conversion rate of your site. Metrica lets you monitor the key effectiveness indicators of your website, analyze user behavior, and evaluate the efficiency of your ad campaigns.	
media6degrees.com	dstillery	Advertising	Find out how we can build new custom audiences for your campaign, using our unique targeting and activation system that looks at customers' digital and physical.	
mediaforge.com	Rakuten MediaForge	Advertising	Rakuten MediaForge’s most distinguishing mark is our award-winning ad technology. Our ads are a personalized extension of the shopping experience on your site, so consumers will engage with your brand without having to leave the site they were browsing.	
mediahawk.co.uk	Mediahawk	Call Tracking	Track the performance of your marketing and advertising. Integrate call tracking software with Google and enhance your campaigns"	
mediaplex.com	Conversant Inc.	Analytics	At Conversant our mission is simple - help marketers drive deep consumer engagement and profound brand growth by building personal connections with individuals. One at a time, by the millions. We are transforming digital marketing by empowering leading brands to engage in one-to-one conversations with each of their customers and prospects. We can help virtually any brand leverage the power of personalization to improve marketing results. Every brand and every buyer has unique needs and objectives. Conversant offers different solutions that can be tailored to meet any advertiser's specific goals and budget.	
mediavoice.com	Polar	Advertising	A powerful platform that leverages your existing CMS and ad serving infrastructure, placing them in-stream across desktop and mobile sites.	
meetrics.net	Meetrics GmbH.	Advertising	Meetrics GmbH is a leading company on the German and European market for technical solutions which increase the quality and effectiveness of advertising campaigns and online editorial content. Alongside the verification of the visibility of online ads, Meetrics provides the opportunity to review and verify the environments and target groups.	
meltdsp.com	Melt	Ad Real-time Bidding	Through the innovative model Real-time Bidding, Melt optimizes your media buying dynamically, delivering your ads to a qualified and targeted audience.	
meltwaternews.com	Meltwater Group	Customer Engagement	Meltwater helps companies drive growth and build brands by better understanding and engaging their customers, markets and social business communities.	
mercent.com	Mercent Corp.	Marketing Platform	Ecommerce marketing software for retailers. Increase online sales through shopping feeds to Amazon, eBay, Google Shopping, Shopping Engines and Product Ads.	
merchantequip.com	Merchant Equipment Store	Merchant Services	Receive high quality Merchant Services and a low cost, hassle-free Merchant Account when you process credit cards with Merchant Equipment Store.	
merchenta.com	Merchenta	Customer Engagement	Unlike traditional retargeters, Merchenta focuses on the metric that matters most – consumer engagement. By focussing on consumer engagement, we're able to optimise campaigns to those high-value consumers who drive the greatest results. By using this insight, we drive great results for our clients.	
mgcdn.com	Mega Information Technology Ltd.	Advertising	Mega focuses on solutions to campaign performance and end-user experience improvement with our experiential internet marketing tactics, in terms of Email Marketing, Online Advertising Campaigns, Search Engine Optimization, Search Keyword Listings, Data Analysis and more.	
micpn.com	Movable Ink	Web Personalization	We Help Marketers Create Personal Experiences at Massive Scale. We believe that marketing can delight, compel, and engage. But all too often, that opportunity is lost with one-size-fits-all messaging delivered to masses. It is our mission to broaden the possibilities in the way we communicate, and create truly personalized, one-to-one interactions between brands and their customers at a massive scale.	
microsoft.com	Microsoft Corporation	CDN	The Microsoft Azure Content Delivery Network (CDN) offers developers a global solution for delivering high-bandwidth content that&#039;s hosted in Azure. The CDN caches publicly available objects at strategically placed locations to provide maximum bandwidth for delivering content to users.	
mighty.aol.net	AOL	Advertising	Without insight, data is nothing more than numbers on a page. AOL finds the patterns hidden in the reports, so that you can put the data to work for you.	
mightypop.ca	Mightypop	Email Marketing	Email marketing for booking of shows for Newfoundland touring artists.	
mixpanel.com	Mixpanel	Analytics	Mixpanel is the most advanced analytics platform in the world for mobile & web.	
mkt51.net	Silverpop (IBM)	Marketing Platform	Silverpop is the only digital marketing technology provider that unifies marketing automation, email, mobile, and social.	
mkt932.com	Silverpop (IBM)	Marketing Platform	Silverpop is the only digital marketing technology provider that unifies marketing automation, email, mobile, and social.	
mkt941.com	Silverpop (IBM)	Marketing Platform	Silverpop is the only digital marketing technology provider that unifies marketing automation, email, mobile, and social.	
mktoresp.com	Marketo Inc.	Advertising	Our marketing automation software gives you the power and flexibility to quickly launch highly targeted campaigns across your marketing channels in order to generate more revenue with less manual effort. Only Marketo provides ease and speed combined with enterprise-level power and flexibility so you never outgrow the system or run into roadblocks.	
ml314.com	Madison Logic	Marketing Platform	Madison Logic is the largest provider of full funnel marketing solutions for 1,000+ of the world’s leading B2B brands. Our intent data fuels our ability to get the right message to the right person at the right time.	
moatads.com	Moat Inc.	Advertising	Moat Ad Search is a search engine for online display ads, making it easy to find your favorite brands and to discover what banner ads are running on top sites.  Moat is focused on building easy-to-use products that help advertisers build and sustain their competitive advantage through better creative.	
mobify.com	Mobify	Mobile Optimisation	Mobify is a mobile e-commerce optimization platform used by leading online retailers to deliver exceptional responsive shopping experiences.	
mobimanage.com	moboManage	Web Design	Every device gets a unique experience, has specific functionality, carefully thought out UX and marketing tools associated with it. Take it one step further and look at the industries we work with. Whatever your current needs are, envision having a single platform that integrates with any existing system and provides you the ability to send content and information to any device that comes to the party.It’s not as classy as BYOB, but BYOD is the future.	
monetate.net	Monetate Inc.	Web personalization	Interact. Engage. Reach. Turn real-time big data into personalized digital experiences with the Monetate Acceleration Cloud, Services, and Content Marketing	
mookie1.com	Media Innovation Group, LLC	Advertising	We provide marketing communicators with a single access point to every digital audience, and the technology platform to engage them in startling new ways.	
mouseflow.com	Mouseflow ApS	Tracking	Mouseflow lets you record website visitors and generate instant heatmaps showing where they click, scroll and even pay attention. 	
mousestats.com	MouseStats	Analytics	MouseStats Website Heatmaps, Visitor Playback, Form Analytics, Visitor Recording: UX Analysis Suite.	
mplxtms.com	ValueClick, Inc	Advertising	ValueClick. provides online advertising campaigns and programmes for advertisers and advertising agency customers in the across the globe. The company’s customers include direct marketers, brand advertisers, the advertising agencies, and traffic distribution partners. Click on the arrows on the right to learn more about what we do.	
mpstat.us	Soasta	Performance	The SOASTA Platform enables developers, QA and IT operations to load and performance test web and mobile apps with speed, scale and precision.	
mpulse.net	Soasta	Performance	RUM — Real User Monitoring, delivered by SOASTA mPulse. mPulse captures and aggregates the performance and engagement metrics most important to your business—in real time—giving you the real-user intelligence you need to correlate the impact of performance on your bottom line, alert you with contextual information so you can take appropriate action, and feed critical information back into the development lifecycle.	
msads.net	Microsoft Corporation	Advertising	Ads from MSN.	
mshcdn.com	Mashable	Social Media	The latest happenings in social media, plus tips on using Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, Foursquare and other social tools on the web.	
msn.com	Microsoft Corporation	All	MSN connects your brand with an active and informed audience that spans generations and lifestyles. Consumers visit MSN for premium content that keeps them in the know and brings them closer to their interests and passions. From trusted resources like MSN Money and MSN Autos, to the fashion and celebrity scenes of Glo and Wonderwall, MSN offers exclusive experiences that draw loyal, high-value audiences.	
mtvnservices.com	Viacom	Content Provision	Viacom connects with our diverse audiences everywhere they are. As a leading global entertainment content company, we know what our viewers want and proudly deliver it across the globe through television, motion pictures and a wide range of digital media.	
multiview.com	Multiview Inc.	Advertising	MultiView is the number one publisher of association-branded B2B digital media.	
mxcdn.net	Meetrics GmbH.	Advertising	Meetrics GmbH is a leading company on the German and European market for technical solutions which increase the quality and effectiveness of advertising campaigns and online editorial content. Alongside the verification of the visibility of online ads, Meetrics provides the opportunity to review and verify the environments and target groups.	
mxpnl.com	Mixpanel	Analytics	Mixpanel is the most advanced analytics platform in the world for mobile & web.	
mxptint.net	MaxPoint Interactive Inc.	Tracking	Hyperlocal online advertising from MaxPoint helps advertisers move crowds of shoppers to local stores.	
mybuys.com	MyBuys Inc.	Web Personalization	With decades of experience in eCommerce and analytics, our team of personalization experts is passionate about success.	
myfonts.net	MyFonts	CDN Fonts	MyFonts, the #1 place to download great @font-face webfonts and desktop fonts: classics (Baskerville, Futura, Garamond) alongside hot new fonts (Choplin, Sanelma, True North).	
myspace.com	Specific Media LLC 	Social Media	Myspace (stylized as myspace) is a social networking service with a strong music emphasis owned by Specific Media LLC and pop music singer and actor Justin Timberlake.	
mythings.com	myThings	Advertising	myThings? offering is answering two pains of marketers who run real time programmatic ad campaigns: lack of transparency and template-based automation. It empowers advertisers by providing them with full visibility into the performance patterns of their audience, while creating fully customized programmatic campaigns capable of meeting their specific business goals.	
mythingsmedia.net	myThings	Advertising	myThings? offering is answering two pains of marketers who run real time programmatic ad campaigns: lack of transparency and template-based automation. It empowers advertisers by providing them with full visibility into the performance patterns of their audience, while creating fully customized programmatic campaigns capable of meeting their specific business goals.	
mzstatic.com	Apple Corp.	Media Provision	Media from iTunes.	
nanigans.com	Nanigans	Advertising	Nanigans' Ad Engine is built for scale with workflow automation, predictive optimization, deep data integrations, and real-time and lifetime reporting tools. Using predictive logic, machine learning algorithms and other technology, Nanigans' Ad Engine offers performance marketers a comprehensive SaaS platform to help maximize return on ad spend by identifying high value audiences and managing the workflow involved to optimize ad spend to meet true business goals.	
needle.com	Needle	Usability Research (Customer Experience)	Needle’s unique customer experience and CRM tools help increase customer loyalty and engagement.	
netdna-cdn.com	MaxCDN (NetDNA)	CDN	Trailblazing Content Delivery Network - Affordable and Lightening fast CDN services.	
netmng.com	Innovation Interactive (Netmining)	Analytics	Netmining specializes in behavioral advertising and performance marketing services offering brands innovative real-time bidding and custom audience targeting solutions.	
newrelic.com	New Relic	Performance	Offers a performance management solution enabling developers to diagnose and fix application performance problems in real time.	
news-static.com	News Limited	News Provider	Australia’s number one news site in 2013 and 2014, news.com.au reaches over 3.7m* Australians, delivering extensive breaking news and national interest stories thanks to our team of dedicated journalists plus the strength of the News Corp Australia network.	
news.com.au	News Limited	News Provider	Australia’s number one news site in 2013 and 2014, news.com.au reaches over 3.7m Australians, delivering extensive breaking news and national interest stories thanks to our team of dedicated journalists plus the strength of the News Corp Australia network.	
newsanalytics.com.au	News Limited	Analytics	Australia’s number one news site in 2013 and 2014, news.com.au reaches over 3.7m* Australians, delivering extensive breaking news and national interest stories thanks to our team of dedicated journalists plus the strength of the News Corp Australia network.	
newsapi.com.au	News Limited	News Provider	Australia’s number one news site in 2013 and 2014, news.com.au reaches over 3.7m* Australians, delivering extensive breaking news and national interest stories thanks to our team of dedicated journalists plus the strength of the News Corp Australia network.	
newscdn.com.au	News Limited	News Provider	Australia’s number one news site in 2013 and 2014, news.com.au reaches over 3.7m* Australians, delivering extensive breaking news and national interest stories thanks to our team of dedicated journalists plus the strength of the News Corp Australia network.	
newsdata.com.au	News Limited	News Provider	Australia’s number one news site in 2013 and 2014, news.com.au reaches over 3.7m* Australians, delivering extensive breaking news and national interest stories thanks to our team of dedicated journalists plus the strength of the News Corp Australia network.	
newsdiscover.com.au	News Limited	Newsfeed Provider	Australia’s number one news site in 2013 and 2014, news.com.au reaches over 3.7m* Australians, delivering extensive breaking news and national interest stories thanks to our team of dedicated journalists plus the strength of the News Corp Australia network.	
nexac.com	Datalogix	Advertising	Leverage the power of purchase-based audience targeting to drive measurable online, mobile and offline sales.	
ninemsn.com.au	ninemsn Pty. Ltd	Web Search	ninemsn Pty. Ltd. operates as an online media company, provides MSN online services with TV and magazine brands in Australia.	
nochex.com	Nochex Ltd.	Payment Gateway	Nochex - a leading online payments provider. Send money and accept payment online with Nochex online payment systems. Pay online fast with our accounts.	
norton.com	Symantec Corporation	Website Security	Symantec helps consumers and organizations secure and manage their information-driven world. Learn about the company, read what media and analysts have to say about Symantec, or find positions open in our team.	
nosto.com	Nosto	Web Personalization	Nosto enables online retailers to deliver their customers a personalised shopping experience, increasing conversion, average order value and customer retention as a result. Free to install, the solution works with any online store and e-commerce platform.	
nr-data.net	New Relic	Performance	Offers a performance management solution enabling developers to diagnose and fix application performance problems in real time.	
ntoklo.com	nToklo	Web Personalization	nToklo provides the next generation of recommendation systems, leapfrogging competitors with its ultra high performance, scalability and flexibility without any of the usual cost, lead times and complexity.	
ntv.io	Quantcast	Analytics	Quantserve.com creates web beacons and cookies operated by audience research and behavioural advertising company Quantcast.	
nuggad.net	nugg.ad	Advertising	nugg.ad â€“ EUROPEâ€™S AUDIENCE EXPERTS. We offer pioneering real-time solutions for audience targeting, efficient brand advertising and an ideal data management platform &#40; DMP &#41;. Smart data for direct sales campaigns, real time bidding and programmatic buying. Our technology stands for maximum data protection.	
olark.com	Olark	Live Support	Answer customers immediately and monitor website visitor behavior in real time for higher conversions, soaring sales and easy support. Make customers smile!	
ometria.com	Ometria Ltd.	Analytics	Key features include customer lifetime values, advanced customer segmentation, product conversion insights, funnel analysis and real time data.	
omtrdc.net	Adobe Systems Incorporated	Performance	Adobe offers hosted services as part of Adobe Digital Marketing Suite that enable companies to personalize and improve the performance of their websites, apps, social networking pages, and marketing activities. Adobe services collect and analyze information, such as clicks made by visitors when they use a company's websites, apps, or social networking pages or view marketing emails or advertisements.	
onefeed.co.uk	Webcore Limited 	Advertising	Onefeed offers a wealth of feed creation services that enables all kinds of merchants to create the perfect feed for all comparison shopping engines, affiliate networks and retargetting partners.	
onet.pl	Onet	Advertising	Today in Onet.pl: news from the country and the world; business, sports, entertainment and weather. Check e-mail, Blog this, chat and arrange to dating.	
ooyala.com	Ooyala Inc.	Advertising (Video)	Ooyala offers leading cross-device video analytics and monetization solutions, streaming over 1 billion videos to nearly 200 million unique viewers per month.	
openx.net	OpenX Technologies Inc	Advertising	With OpenX, publishers make more money by maximizing ad inventory and content engagement. Advertisers reach targeted audiences at scale and improve ROI.	
openxadexchange.com	OpenX Technologies Inc	Advertising	With OpenX, publishers make more money by maximizing ad inventory and content engagement. Advertisers reach targeted audiences at scale and improve ROI.	
ophan.co.uk	The Guardian	Analytics	Real-time feedback from the Guardianâ€™s in-house 'attention data' tool Ophan. It tracks all of the Guardian's traffic and makes it available to journalists, editors and developers with a time-lag of less than five seconds. Users can see what's being read most on the Guardian's various home pages. The data can be filtered by country, time period, section, mobile app and devices, browsers, referral sources, and more.	
optimahub.com	Datalicious	Analytics	OptimaHub forms part of our media attribution service and offers marketers a single customer view and is a source of truth in marketing analytics.	
optimizely.com	Optimizely	A-B Testing	Improve conversions through A/B Testing, Split Testing and Multivariate Testing with Optimizely!	
optimost.com	Hewlett Packard Automony	Analytics	HP Optimost uses advanced pattern-matching, mvt testing and optimization on a single platform to help you better understand customer data for higher conversion rates.	
optorb.com	Optorb Ltd	Advertising	No longer trading	
ostkcdn.com	Overstock	CDN	Let Overstock.com help you discover designer brands and home goods at the lowest prices online. See for yourself why shoppers love our selection and award-winning customer service.	
outbrain.com	Outbrain Inc.	Content Provision	Outbrain is the world&#039;s largest and most trusted content discovery platform.	
owneriq.net	OwnerIQ Inc.	Advertising	OwnerIQ is transforming consumer's interactions with products and brands along the Path to Purchase into powerful new online advertising solutions and marketing channels.	
ozcart.com.au	OzCart	Payment Gateway	Ozcart is Australian owned and operated. With 10+ years experience helping Australians open online stores, we know Aussie Ecommerce and we genuinely care about your Business. Ozcart is a hosted online store solution with all features on all plans, no transaction fees and made for Australian businesses. Suitable for retail or wholesale businesses.	
p-td.com	Accuen Media (Omnicom Media Group)	Media Provision	Accuen delivers market-leading solutions across channels, transforming data into competitive media advantage.	
p.univide.com	Crosswise	Advertising	Crosswise works with partners to enable them to break the multi-screen gap and unleash the full potential of their data.	
pages03.net	Silverpop (IBM)	Marketing Platform	Silverpop is the only digital marketing technology provider that unifies marketing automation, email, mobile, and social.	
pages04.net	Silverpop (IBM)	Marketing Platform	Silverpop is the only digital marketing technology provider that unifies marketing automation, email, mobile, and social.	
pages05.net	Silverpop (IBM)	Tracking	Silverpop is the only digital marketing technology provider that unifies marketing automation, email, mobile, and social.	
pardot.com	Pardot	Marketing Platform	Marketing automation made simple. Make sales and marketing teams best friends with our no-hassle marketing automation platform. Gain greater insight into ROI, increase marketing accountability, and more. Automate your marketing with Pardot.	
parsely.com	Parsely, Inc.	Analytics	Parse.ly provides digital publishers with clear audience insights to answer questions about how readers are responding to content.	
paypal.com	PayPal	Payment Gateway	PayPal is the safer, easier way to pay online without revealing your credit card number.	
peer1.com	PEER 1 Hosting	Internet Hosting	The highly secure, redundant IT infrastructure of PEER 1 Hosting 18 data centres data centres in 13 cities across North America and Europe protect your servers and web presence, and ensures you are running online, all of the time.	
peer39.net	Sizmek	Advertising	Sizmek, formally MediaMind, is a leading global provider of digital advertising campaign management solutions to advertising agencies and advertisers. MediaMind provides media and creative agencies, advertisers and publishers with an integrated platform to manage campaigns across digital media channels and a variety of formats, including rich media, in-stream video, display and search.	
peerius.com	Peerius	Web Personalization	The trusted partner for personalisation and recommendations. Creating individualised user experiences that drives engagement and increase sales.	
pejs.net	47Line Technologies	Cloud Access Solutions	47Line - Simplify Cloud Access with products; Batchly : Cloud Scale Scheduler &amp; PriorityEngine : Handle Heavy Website Traffic for Airline, Ticketing, E-Commerce.	
performgroup.com	PERFORM	Sports News	PERFORM commercialises multimedia sports content across internet-enabled digital platforms, driving revenues through a mix of Content Distribution, Advertising & Sponsorship and developing Subscription Platforms.	
persuasionapi.com	Science Rockstars	Web Personalization	Our API analyzes customer data to show how customers can be influenced - the messages that make them move into action, how much they spend, even how they use your webstore. These behavioral customer-specific insights enable businesses to advertise and communicate in more effective and meaningful ways.	
photobucket.com	PhotoBucket	Photographic Gallery	Free image hosting, easy photo sharing, and photo editing. Upload pictures and videos, create with the online photo editor, or browse a photo gallery or album.	
photorank.me	Olapic	CDN	With over 100 successful implementations and integrations with leading ecommerce platforms, Olapic provides the most flexible and robust solution for bringing customer-generated visual content into ecommerce.	
pingdom.net	Pingdom (Solarwinds)	Performance	Pingdom Website Monitoring – With Pingdom&#039;s website monitoring you&#039;ll be the first to know when your website is down.	
pinimg.com	Pinterest	CDN Images	Pinterest is a visual discovery tool that you can use to find ideas for all your projects and interests.	
pinterest.com	Pinterest	Social Media	Pinterest is a visual discovery tool that you can use to find ideas for all of your projects and interests.	
pipol.com	Press+	Advertising	As the leading provider of online subscription services for news websites, Press+ has helped over 500 publishers around the world create new revenue streams from their most engaged digital readers – while preserving all of their existing advertising revenue and online audience.	
pixel.wp.com	Wordpress	Internet Hosting	Open source WordPress is the most popular online publishing platform, currently powering more than 20% of the web. We wanted to bring the WordPress experience to an even larger audience, so in 2005 we created WordPress.com. We’re a hosted version of the open source software. Here, you can start a blog or build a website in seconds without any technical knowledge.	
player.simplestream.com	Simplestream	Media Provision	Simplestream is a leading provider of Live Streaming, CatchupTV and Media Management solutions for broadcast and media clients.	
plus.google.com	Google	Social Media	The Google+ API is the programming interface to Google+. You can use the API to integrate your app or website with Google+. This enables users to connect with each other for maximum engagement using Google+ features from within your application.	
po.st	RadiumOne Inc	Social Media	Po.st, the leading social sharing platform, is an advanced link shortener and an aggregated sharing tool for publishers.	
pointroll.com	Pointroll (Garnett)	Advertising	Great ads know how to go with the flow. We serve dynamic brand content via intelligent ads a la product availability, pricing or promotions, local messaging and imagery that change based on geography, day part, publisher, placement or individual user behavior.	
polarmobile.com	Polar Mobile Group Inc.	Advertising	MediaVoice is used by premium publishers around the world to create, present, service, and report their direct-sold native ad programs.	
poll.fm	PollDaddy (Automattic)	Market Research (Surveys)	Polldaddy: Online survey software.	
pollware-cdn.sodahead.com	SodaHead	Surveys	Pollware for publishers to generate revenue with custom polling	
populisengage.com	Populis	Advertising	Combining leading media brands with a wide network of influencers connected to our platform, and providing a wide range of advertising and content marketing solutions, Populis is an innovative and effective solution to connect with your audience.	
postrelease.com	Nativo Inc	Advertising	Nativo enables you to get more out of your content marketing by making it easy to distribute your content to highly targeted audiences across forums, blogs, and content sites. It's the control of display advertising with the deeper engagement of content.	
predictiveintent.com	SmartFocus	Web Personalization	Intelligent marketing insights, true personalization and omni-channel campaign management for digital retail marketers.	
pricegrabber.com	PriceGrabber	Price Comparison	PriceGrabber is the leader in distributed ecommerce content, connecting millions of shoppers each month with thousands of merchants. We reach our consumer audience via desktop and mobile devices through a network of over 400 digital publisher partners as well as through our owned and operated web properties. Together with our distribution partners, we drive over $1 billion in annual sales for our retailer partners.	
productreviews.shopifycdn.com	Shopify Inc	Opinions and Reviews	Shopify is a powerful ecommerce platform that includes everything you need to create an online store and sell online.	
providesupport.com	Provide Support LLC.	Live Support	Provide Support Live Chat is a leading online chat, customer support service and website monitoring software provider since 2003.	
proweb.net	Proweb Uk Ltd	Internet Hosting	Proweb for Reliable Web Hosting &amp; custom CMS systems. Click here for great online storefront software for your ecommerce development. We provide CMS management system &amp; inexpensive web hosting, domains &amp; broadband services.	
pswec.com	Proclivity Media Inc	Analytics	Pswec.com is a domain used by Proclivity Media, Inc. to support some of its products and services.  Proclivity rapidly collects and scores your website, in-store, merchandise, and consumer data to compute the expected ROI of each impression so you can identify the ads that will drive conversions and sales. 	
psyma.com	PSYMA GROUP AG	Market Research (Surveys)	We are an international market research company conducting research in over 40 countries with passion and enthusiasm. We deliver tailor-made solutions for all your research needs. People and their motives in terms of market relevant behavior across cultural borders, are our focal point. Personal service, commitment, flexibility, sustainability and expertise are more important to us than just standard solutions.	
publishme.se	Blogg.se	Internet Hosting	Blogg.se is Scandinavia's largest blog platform where millions of blogs are collected.	
pubmatic.com	Pubmatic	Tracking	PubMatic enables publishers to realize the full potential of their digital assets. Since its founding in 2006, PubMatic has consistently been first-to-market with industry-changing products, services and systems for publishers. Our products are supported by always-on consulting and services that reflect our belief in putting publishers' needs first.	
pulsemgr.com	BuySight (AOL)	Advertising	Buysight has developed an innovative suite of targeted display advertising products, building on our partnerships with online retailers, and rooted in our understanding of shopper purchase intent. Our retargeting and customer acquisition solutions have helped hundreds of clients increase their sales and realize a stellar return on their advertising dollar. Today we take the next step toward providing those clients with even more value and opportunities.	
qnsr.com	QuinStreet Inc	Advertising	The Leader in Vertical Marketing and Media Online. QuinStreet serves clients and consumers in large, information-intensive industry verticals where relevant, targeted media and offerings help visitors make informed choices and find products and services that match their needs. Currently, primary client verticals are the education and financial services industries.	
qodeinteractive.com	Qode Interactive	Web Design	Qode Themes was founded in 2013 by Qode Interactive agency. With a growing team of 38 professionals we are setting new standards in WordPress themes and template business.	
qualtrics.com	Qualtrics LLC	Market Research (Surveys)	Qualtrics is the industry-leading provider of Online Survey Software. See how we can help you build an Online Survey.	
quantserve.com	Quantcast	Advertising	Quantserve.com creates web beacons and cookies operated by audience research and behavioural advertising company Quantcast.	
qubitproducts.com	Qubit	Web Personalization	Qubit's platform helps you find non-converters so that you can identify the best opportunities for website optimization. You can then serve a personalization through our platform without changing a single line of code.	
questionmarket.com	Dynamic Logic	Advertising	An online research company that specializes in measuring the effectiveness of online communications.	
questionpro.com	QuestionPro Inc.	Surveys	Create professional online surveys - fast, easy, and free.  Online survey software, customer satisfaction, market research, employee satisfaction surveys.	
Quinstreet.com	QuinStreet Inc	Advertising	The Leader in Vertical Marketing and Media Online. QuinStreet serves clients and consumers in large, information-intensive industry verticals where relevant, targeted media and offerings help visitors make informed choices and find products and services that match their needs. Currently, primary client verticals are the education and financial services industries.	
rackcdn.com	Rackspace	Internet Hosting	Over 200,000 businesses trust Rackspace, the managed cloud company. We design, build, and run the best cloud for your needs, and back it with Fanatical Support.	
rackspacecloud.com	Rackspace	Internet Hosting	Over 200,000 businesses trust Rackspace, the managed cloud company. We design, build, and run the best cloud for your needs, and back it with Fanatical Suppor	
raw.githubusercontent.com	Github	Development Resources	GitHub is the best place to build software together. Over 4 million people use GitHub to share code.	
rcsadv.it	RCS Media Group	Advertising	an Italian publishing and advertising business.	
reevoo.com	Reevoo	Opinions and Reviews	Reevoo is a pioneer of Ratings &amp; Reviews services for multichannel brands and retailers. Our services and solutions harvest the voice of the consumers.	
res-x.com	Resonance Insights	Surveys	Powerful toolkit including primary research methods, analytical models, business models and benchmarks.	
research.de.com	Meetrics	Analytics	Meetrics is a leading company on the European market for technical solutions which increase the quality and effectiveness of advertising campaigns and online editorial content. Alongside the verification of the visibility of online ads, Meetrics provides the opportunity to review and verify the environments and target groups.	
researchnow.com	Research Now	Market Research (Surveys)	Research Now gives you the expertise, passion and commitment to achieve the best online research possible.	
resources.fairfax.com.au	Fairfax Media Limite	CDN Media	Fairfax Media Limited is Australasia&#039;s leading media company. Fairfax media operations include newspapers, magazines, radios and digital media operating in Australia and New Zealand.	
responsetap.com	ResponseTap	Analytics	Since 2008, ResponseTap has provided pioneering call tracking services offering marketing specialists the opportunity to understand which campaigns drive offline phone calls to their businesses. In 2010 we launched our flagship product which combines web analytics and call tracking to bridge the online offline divide. ResponseTap originally traded in the UK under the name of AdInsight, but re-branded to ensure the company name better reflected the wider company vision; we analyse all marketing channels not just a customers’ response to advertising.	
responsys.net	Oracle Corporation	Marketing Platform	Oracle’s Cross-Channel Marketing solution, Oracle Responsys, empowers marketers to deliver more relevant, real-time interactions for consumers across email, mobile, display, social, and web experiences. At its core is Program, a centralized canvas to orchestrate these interactions with a powerful, point-and-click interface that helps them adapt, not just respond, to customer behavior.	
resrc.it	ReSRC	Image Management	ReSRC optimizes and delivers perfect images on any device. Link your images to our super simple service - we take care of everything.	
resultspage.com	SLI Systems	Site Search	The #1 SaaS Site Search Provider to the Internet Retailer Top 1,000.	
revolvermaps.com	Revolver Maps	Analytics	Revolvermaps are a collection of real-time visitor statistics widgets for your website or blog.	
revsci.net	Audience Science	Advertising	AudienceScience has transformed how global advertisers connect their consumers, data and media with a transparent Enterprise Advertising Management system.	
rewardstyle.com	rewardStyle.com	Advertising	rewardStyle is an invitation-only web tool that helps top tier style publishers find and monetize their content.	
rfihub.com	Rocketfuel	Advertising	Rocket Fuel delivers a leading programmatic media-buying platform at Big Data scale that harnesses the power of artificial intelligence (AI) to improve marketing ROI in digital media across web, mobile, video, and social channels. Rocket Fuel powers digital advertising and marketing programs globally for customers in North America, Europe, and Japan.	
rfihub.net	Rocketfuel	Advertising	Rocket Fuel delivers a leading programmatic media-buying platform at Big Data scale that harnesses the power of artificial intelligence (AI) to improve marketing ROI in digital media across web, mobile, video, and social channels. Rocket Fuel powers digital advertising and marketing programs globally for customers in North America, Europe, and Japan.	
rhythmxchange.com	Zenovia Digital Exchange Corp.	Advertising	Zenovia is 100% pure programmatic. We offer one of the few technology platforms with extensive workflow applications and media trading optimization capabilities for both media buyers and sellers. Our frictionless and transparent integration from bid to ad request improves yield, while our brand safety innovations ensure campaigns are being viewed by real users on quality sites.	
richrelevance.com	RichRelevance	Web Personalization	As the global leader in omnichannel personalization, RichRelevance partners with the most innovative brands and retailers. Our fully integrated product suite and proven, real-time infrastructure were built from the ground up to enable brands and retailers to deliver products, messages, and experiences in a way that is relevant, meaningful and memorable to consumers across every channel.	
rkdms.com	RKG (Merkle)	Tracking	A redirect site operated by The Rimm-Kaufman Group.  This site assists companies counting the arrivals to their websites.	
rlcdn.com	Rapleaf	Analytics	Real-Time Data on 80% of U.S. Emails. We provide charts and graphs to show the breakdown of your email list by income, presence of children, marital status, and other premium data fields so you can learn more about your customer base. Get a quick understanding of your audience in seconds.	
rnengage.com	Oracle Corp.	Marketing Platform	Oracle RightNow Cloud Service combines market-leading technologies for Web, Social, and Contact Center for the most complete service solution. Formally RightNow Technologies.	
rondavu.com	Rondavu	Advertising	The company provides online event marketing services.	
rpxnow.com	Janrain Inc.	Web Personalization	Janrain specializes in customer identity data management and social login systems so businesses know their customers and leverage data to deliver personalized marketing.	
rssinclude.com	RSSinclude	Newsfeed Provider	The RSS Feed Widget brings fresh content to your website every hour. Just plain colors (adjustable) and borders (optional). There are several types of RSSboxes. They meet the requirements of a great number of webmasters and bloggers.	
ru4.com	Rocketfuel	Advertising	Rocket Fuel delivers a leading programmatic media-buying platform at Big Data scale that harnesses the power of artificial intelligence (AI) to improve marketing ROI in digital media across web, mobile, video, and social channels. Rocket Fuel powers digital advertising and marketing programs globally for customers in North America, Europe, and Japan.	
rubiconproject.com	The Rubicon Project	Advertising	Rubicon Project is a leading technology company automating the buying and selling of advertising.	
s-msn.com	Microsoft Corporation	CDN Video	Microsoft content delivery network for media.	
s-static.ak.facebook.com	Facebook	Social Media	A Facebook domain, serving static content.	
s.pubmine.com	Automattic, Inc.	Web Design	We are a distributed company, democratizing publishing and development. The people behind WordPress.	
s1.wp.com	Wordpress	Internet Hosting	Open source WordPress is the most popular online publishing platform, currently powering more than 20% of the web. We wanted to bring the WordPress experience to an even larger audience, so in 2005 we created WordPress.com. We’re a hosted version of the open source software. Here, you can start a blog or build a website in seconds without any technical knowledge.	
s2.wp.com	Wordpress	Internet Hosting	Open source WordPress is the most popular online publishing platform, currently powering more than 20% of the web. We wanted to bring the WordPress experience to an even larger audience, so in 2005 we created WordPress.com. We’re a hosted version of the open source software. Here, you can start a blog or build a website in seconds without any technical knowledge.	
s81c.com	IBM Corp.	Analytics	IBM EMM solutions are recognised as market leaders by leading industry analyst reports which covers multi-channel campaign management, cross-channel campaign management, integrated marketing management and customer analytics.	
sail-horizon.com	Sailthru	Web Personalization	Sailthru allows marketers to manage consumer relationships at the individual user level across all channels. It’s the realization of a promise that has been made to marketers for more than a decade. Sailthru’s ability to deliver personal communications and experiences to every unique individual is driving lift and creating revenue where marketers, like you, want it most.	
salecycle.com	SaleCycle ltd	Email Marketing	Founded in 2010, SaleCycle is committed to helping the worlds top brands recover lost sales online. SaleCycles signature On-Site Remarketing and Email Remarketing solutions enable clients to reconnect with consumers who abandon their shopping cart, booking or application form with dynamic, personalized messages in real-time.	
scanalert.com	McAffee	Website Security	Website security that turns shoppers into buyers.	
scene7.com	Adobe Systems Incorporated	CDN	Adobe Scene7 allows to deliver dynamic marketing assets to web, mobile, social, email and print. Scene7 is part of the Adobe Experience Manager solution.	
scorecardresearch.com	Full Circle Studies Inc.	Surveys	ScorecardResearch, a service of Full Circle Studies, Inc., is part of the comScore, Inc. market research community, a leading global market research effort that studies and reports on Internet trends and behavior. ScorecardResearch conducts research by collecting Internet web browsing data and then uses that data to help show how people use the Internet, what they like about it, and what they do not.	
scout.scoutanalytics.net	ServiceSource International Inc.	Marketing Platform	Scout is a customer lifecycle management solution that aligns all of your teams, processes, and systems behind that single goal.	
seal.godaddy.com	GoDaddy	Website Security	Trust and reputation is everything! With a GoDaddy certified domain seal your visitors will know that your website and your business are legitimate.	
seal.thawte.com	Thawte	Website Security	Thawte - the global certificate authority providing ssl certificates (SSL) products, 128-bit encryption and extended validation SSL certificates.	
seals.websiteprotection.com	Starfield Technologies	Website Security	Confidence in your site turns visitors into customers. The Website Protection seal tells the web that your site passes the most stringent of security standards.	
searchignite.com	Ignition One Ic.	Marketing Platform	IgnitionOne brings together the most important pieces of marketing within a single platform. Built upon a world-class marketing hub, the flexible system allows marketers to integrate with their existing tools or use the powerful native solutions already baked in the system. You decide based on the needs of your enterprise.	
searchmarketing.com	ChannelAdvisor	Advertising	Search Marketing Strategies is an internet marketing blog brought to you by the search engine marketing and PPC team at ChannelAdvisor.	
secure.footprint.net	Level3	Connectivity	Local-to-global connectivity backed by end-to-end reliability and security. For enterprises worldwide, our customer-first approach makes us the trusted connection to the networked world. Level 3. Connecting and Protecting the Networked World.	
secure.force.com	Salesforce.com, inc	Customer Relationship Management	CRM software solutions and enterprise cloud computing from Salesforce, the leader in customer relationship management (CRM) and PaaS.	
segment.io	Segment	Analytics	Segment is the single hub to collect, translate and route your customer data.	
segmint.net	Segmint	Surveys	Marketing research and consumer research, namely, services to determine the audience for an advertisement and other advertising media content	
sellpoints.com	Sellpoints Inc.	Analytics	Based in Emeryville, Calif., Sellpoints is the only pre-marketing conversion engine that helps brands orchestrate sales online. Our platform builds your custom audience from our network of 251 retailers, touching 130M unique consumers each month. The network, combined with over a decade of consumer behavior patterns, enables us to deliver the right message to the right place before the right time.	
semantictec.com	Quantcast	Advertising	Quantserve.com creates web beacons and cookies operated by audience research and behavioural advertising company Quantcast.	
servedby.o2.co.uk	O2	Connectivity	O2 is a leading provider of mobile phones, mobile broadband and sim only deals.	
serving-sys.com	Sizmek	Advertising	Sizmek, formally MediaMind, is a leading global provider of digital advertising campaign management solutions to advertising agencies and advertisers. MediaMind provides media and creative agencies, advertisers and publishers with an integrated platform to manage campaigns across digital media channels and a variety of formats, including rich media, in-stream video, display and search.	
servmetric.com	ServMetric	Opinions and Reviews	ServMetric is a complete, scalable solution for capturing, analysing and acting on customer feedback, staff insight and social media buzz. Over fifteen million UK citizens come into regular contact with our instantly-recognisable, trademarked ServMetric Smileys, making them synonymous with the act of giving feedback	
sesamestats.com	Kantar	Tracking	Kantar: home to the world's leading research, data and insight companies. Kantar collects online clickstream data on over two million consumers in the US, UK and France: 23 billion page views per day, 19 billion online minutes per day.	
sessioncam.com	ServiceTick Limited.	Analytics	Session replay, Heatmaps. Funnels, Form analytics, Drop-off	
shappify.com	Bold Commerce	Web Design	We build apps for the Shopify eCommerce platform that are designed to either increase your sales, or to help you save time running your online store so you can spend more time on more important things, like growing your business. We are now Shopify's #1 app development partner.	
shareaholic.com	Shareaholic	Site Search	Drive pageviews to your website with Shareaholic's industry leading share buttons, related content plugins, analytics, and browser extensions.	
sharethis.com	ShareThis Inc.	Social Media	ShareThis' social media buttons and insights provide a web wide view of social intelligence in real time analytics for brands, publishers and developers.	
sharethrough.com	Sharethrough Inc.	Advertising	We are the world’s largest in-feed advertising exchange and the native advertising industry leader.	
shld.net	Sears Holdings Corporation	CDN	Sears Holdings Corporation is a leading integrated retailer focused on seamlessly connecting the digital and physical shopping experiences to serve our members - wherever, whenever and however they want to shop. Sears Holdings is home to Shop Your Way, a social shopping platform offering members rewards for shopping at Sears and Kmart as well as with other retail partners across categories important to them. The company operates through its subsidiaries, including Sears, Roebuck and Co. and Kmart Corporation, with more than 2,350 full-line and specialty retail stores in the United States and Canada.	
shop.pe	AddShoppers	Social Marketing	Social marketing apps for merchants.	
shopatron.com	Shopatron	ECommerce Solution	Leading retailers use our advanced eCommerce order management solutions to effectively manage inventory across online and offline channels, provide online shoppers with broader delivery options, and drive traffic into local stores.	
shopify.com	Shopify Inc	Marketing Platform	Shopify is a powerful ecommerce platform that includes everything you need to create an online store and sell online.	
shopifyapps.com	Shopify Inc	Marketing Platform	Shopify is a powerful ecommerce platform that includes everything you need to create an online store and sell online.	
shoprunner.com	ShopRunner	Content Provision	ShopRunner is a members-only service for online shoppers that provides unique benefits across hundreds of the best online stores.	
signifyd.com	Signyfyd	Website Security	Fraud protection and chargeback prevention for eCommerce Merchants. Improve your bottom line using our SaaS solution on Magento, Shopify, and other platforms.	
simpli.fi	Simpli.fi	Advertising	Simpli.fi is an element level marketing platform specializing in search retargeting, site retargeting, contextual targeting, &amp; demographic targeting.	
simplytechnology.net	Addvantage Media	Advertising	A digital sales house specializing in exclusive representation of niche and special interest websites.	
siteimprove.com	Siteimprove, Inc.	Web Management	Siteimprove is the only web governance software that helps you better manage and maintain your website through quality assurance, accessibility, web analytics, SEO, and response - all in one tool.	
sitemeter.com	Site Meter	Analytics	A fast, free Web counter that features custom counters styles. Site Meter creates dynamic 3D charts showing visitors, page views, country maps, visit durations and much more!	
sitescout.com	Centro	Advertising	SiteScout is the leading self-serve ad platform for marketing professionals and agencies.	
sitestat.com	comScore Inc.	Analytics	Sitestat conducts its business by collecting Internet web browsing data for the web sites tagged with the Sitestat analytics tag for sole use by the web site owners.	
sitetagger.co.uk	Signal	Tag Management	BrightTag&#039;s tag management solution helps companies more effectively and efficiently unlock the value of their business data produced by consumers on their websites. Built-in privacy management tools also help brands respect individual requests not to be tracked or targeted for advertising, as well as comply with all regulatory requirements specific to cookies and privacy. 	
skimresources.com	Skimbit Ltd	Advertising	Realize a new revenue stream with automated affiliate marketing: install Skimlinks in minutes to effortlessly and subtly earn from your website's content.	
skimresources.net	Skimbit Ltd	Advertising	Realize a new revenue stream with automated affiliate marketing: install Skimlinks in minutes to effortlessly and subtly earn from your website's content.	
skyglue.com	SkyGlue Technology Inc.	Analytics	Best Google Analytics data collection add-on for Event Tracking, Visitor Tracking, Registered user tracking. Automation. No coding needed.	
skype.com	Skype	Connectivity	Make internet calls for free and cheap online calls to phones and mobiles with Skype.	
smaato.net	Smaato Inc.	Advertising	Earn maximum advertising revenue with a mobile ad server, RTB ad exchange, and an ad network mediation platform connected to 337 Demand Partners	
smartadserver.com	Smart AdServer	Advertising	The only fully-integrated ad server for managing RTB, Mobile, Video & Web display. Best manage all your campaigns in one interface.	
smarterremarketer.net	Smarter Remarketer 	Email Marketing	Smarter Remarketer provides a Software as a Service (SaaS) Email Marketing automation and analysis suite that allows multi-channel retailers to bolster customer lifetime value by creating relevant and effective customer experiences	
smartertrack.com	Smarttools Inc.	Helpdesk Services	Help Desk Software, Live Chat Software and Knowledge Base Software by SmarterTools.	
snapengage.com	SnapEngage	Live Support	Highly customizable Live Chat software for Sales and Support. SnapEngage Live Chat converts prospects to customers, and customers to loyal advocates.	
snapwidget.com	SnapWidget	Photographic Gallery	SnapWidget allows you to display a dynamically updated Instagram photo gallery on your website or blog. This can be in the form of a grid layout widget, slideshow or photo map that gives users the ability to explore the places you&#039;ve Instagramed.	
sociablelabs.com	Sociable Labs	Social Media	Shopping interest, such as brand, product category, similar sites, gender and member check are leveraged to recommend the right connections for your shoppers to invite to your site. Shoppers have automatic access to all of their trusted connections from any email or social channel.  With this intuitive invite process, there  is no friction for your shoppers. Shoppers and their invitees are provided the right offer, messaging and placement. Incentives are integrated into the user flow to ensure sharing and high CTR rates.	
socialannex.com	Social Annex	Customer Engagement	Our social commerce platform lives on Ecommerce sites to help engage, incentivize, and learn from shoppers so social actually leads to sales.	
sociomantic.com	Sociomantic Labs (DunnHumby)	Web Personalization	Sociomantic Labs, a dunnhumby company, helps the worlds top advertisers grow reach and increase customer loyalty with programmatic display advertising for desktop, mobile and social.	
sonobi.com	Sonobi	Advertising	Sonobi’s suite of buy and sell-side tools allow our customers to identify, deliver, and manage advertising opportunities through performance filters once absent from programmatic channels	
sophus3.com	Sophus3	Analytics	Sophus3 tailored services to approach clients in a targeted way, to improve the online customers experience and boost leads. 80% of carmakers work with Sophus3.	
soundcloud.com	SoundCloud	CDN Audio	SoundCloud is the world’s leading social sound platform where anyone can create sounds and share them everywhere. Recording and uploading sounds to SoundCloud lets people easily share them privately with their friends or publicly to blogs, sites and social networks.	
specificclick.net	Specific Media LLC 	Advertising	Specific Media is a leading global media company connecting brands with consumers across one of the largest audiences worldwide. Our exclusive data partnerships, multiscreen and multiformat targeting capabilities, and innovative advertising solutions enable brands to influence purchasing decisions as they are being made.	
spiceworks.com	Spiceworks Inc.	Connectivity	Get everything IT for free from Spiceworks: a community of IT pros, and an app with network monitoring, help desk, active directory, and more!	
spotxchange.com	SpotXchange	Advertising (Video)	SpotXchange is the trusted video advertising platform for premium publishers, connecting them with advertisers, agencies, trading desks, DSPs and ad networks to ensure they achieve maximum revenue for their inventory.	
srip.net	Akamai Technologies	CDN	Trusted by leading brands, Akamai's Intelligent Platform provides the ubiquity required to scale reliably and to quickly adapt to changes. The Akamai Intelligent Platform is the leading cloud platform for delivering secure, high-performing user experiences to any device, anywhere. It reaches globally and delivers locally. The platform is made up of a distributed network of servers and intelligent software, delivering over two trillion interactions daily. No one delivers more Web traffic than Akamai and 90% of Internet users are a single network hop away. The Akamai Intelligent Platform is constantly monitoring Web conditions.	
srtk.net	AKQA Inc	Tracking	AKQA helps brands to dramatically improve their business performance through innovation.	
stackla.com	Stackla PTY LTD	Social Marketing	Stackla is the content marketing platform that over 500 of the biggest global brands use to put user-generated content at the heart of their marketing.	
statcounter.com	StatCounter	Analytics	A free yet reliable invisible web tracker, highly configurable hit counter and real-time detailed web stats.	
static.ak.facebook.com	Facebook	Social Media	A Facebook domain, serving static content.	
static.polldaddy.com	PollDaddy (Automattic)	Loyalty and Referral Marketing	Polldaddy: Online survey software.	
staticflickr.com	Flickr	Photographic Gallery	Flickr is almost certainly the best online photo management and sharing application in the world. Show off your favorite photos and videos to the world, securely and privately show content to your friends and family, or blog the photos and videos you take with a cameraphone.	
stats.pusher.com	Pusher Ltd.	Real-Time App. Development	Pusher is a hosted API for quickly, easily and securely adding scalable realtime functionality to web and mobile apps.	
stats.wp.com	Wordpress	Internet Hosting	Open source WordPress is the most popular online publishing platform, currently powering more than 20% of the web. We wanted to bring the WordPress experience to an even larger audience, so in 2005 we created WordPress.com. We’re a hosted version of the open source software. Here, you can start a blog or build a website in seconds without any technical knowledge.	
steelhousemedia.com	Steelhouse	Advertising	One platform for acquisition and retention marketing that consistently keeps the same message in front of your audience through display, onsite, and social.	
stellaservice.com	StellaService Inc	Analytics	StellaService objectively measures and rates the customer service performance of online retailers. Our data powers the best customer service teams in retail.	
stickyadstv.com	StickyADS.tv	Advertising (Video)	Programmatic video platform for premium publishers.	
stormiq.com	DC Storm	Analytics	DC Storm's Measured Success arms digital businesses with marketing measurement, attribution, analysis and reporting to power data driven decisions.	
stratus.sc	SoundCloud	CDN Audio	SoundCloud is the world’s leading social sound platform where anyone can create sounds and share them everywhere. Recording and uploading sounds to SoundCloud lets people easily share them privately with their friends or publicly to blogs, sites and social networks.	
strikead.com	StrikeAd	Advertising	StrikeAd is the leader in programmatic advertising across multiple devices. We combine the huge reach of leading SSPs with best in class mobile DMP audience data and our advanced predictive modelling to deliver unparalleled insight and superior ROI.	
stripe.com	Stripe	Payment Gateway	Stripe is a developer-friendly way to accept payments online and in mobile apps. We process billions of dollars a year for thousands of companies of all sizes.	
struq.com	Struq	Advertising	Struq enables retailers to retarget users across devices, increasing the sales delivered by retargeting by 30%.	
sub2tech.com	Sub2 Technologies	Web Personalization	At Sub2 our suite of personalisation applications has been designed to improve your website performance and increase your conversion rates. Whats more theres no capital expenditure or IT infrastructure changes required. Implementation is straight forward, so you can start to see results quickly. How? Well we combine multi-channel data with market leading SaaS technology to allow you to target your customers and prospects with exactly the right products, messages and offers at exactly the right time. Our real time technology means you can automatically personalise each visitors journey in under 100 milliseconds.	
sublimevideo.net	DailyMotion	CDN Video	Jilion is a pioneer and leading provider of no-compromises HTML5 Video Technologies. SublimeVideo started in 2010 as the world’s first cloud-based HTML5 Video player; a pioneering solution that provides Web publishers with a fast, pain-free way to truly embrace and enable HTML5 and allows their videos to play flawlessly on any device, browser and web page. Bought by DailyMotion in 2013.	
suitesmart.com	Perfect Privacy	Domain Services	Private domin registrations	
sumome.com	SumoMe	Analytics	SumoMe is a suite of free tools that can be used to grow your website's traffic. The SumoMe tools are easy to install and work on any website.	
supert.ag	Datalicious	Tag Management	Supertag is Australia's leading tag management platform that enables digital marketers and agencies to manage a wide range of digital analytics and optimisation technologies through an easy to use drag and drop online interface.	
surveymonkey.com	SurveyMonkey	Surveys	SurveyMonkey is the world's most popular online survey software. We make it easier than ever to create polls and survey questionnaires for learning about anything from customer satisfaction to employee engagement. Sign up to access our library of sample survey questions and expert-certified templates. Customize your survey questions, distribute your questionnaire on the web, and start collecting responses in real time. Our Analyze tool helps you turn survey data into insights and create professional reports.	
swiftype.com	Swiftype	Site Search	The simplest way to add search to your website or application	
switchadhub.com	Switch Concepts Ltd	Advertising	Switch is a unique real-time trading platform specifically designed for publishers to supercharge their online ad revenue.	
switchads.com	Switch Concepts	Advertising	SwitchAds is a simple digital advertising solution and part of the comprehensive suite of offerings from Switch Concepts. Switch are a fast growing digital advertising technology company providing clients with a pioneering adserver technology and a data platform to enable website publishers to maximise income from their ad inventory.	
symcb.com	Symantec Corporation	Website Security	Symantec helps consumers and organizations secure and manage their information-driven world. Learn about the company, read what media and analysts have to say about Symantec, or find positions open in our team.	
symcd.com	Symantec Corporation	Website Security	Symantec helps consumers and organizations secure and manage their information-driven world. Learn about the company, read what media and analysts have to say about Symantec, or find positions open in our team.	
t.co	Twitter	Social Media	Twitter uses the t.co domain as part of a service to protect users from harmful activity, to provide value for the developer ecosystem, and as a quality signal for surfacing relevant, interesting Tweets.	
t4ft.de	Batch Media GmbH	Advertising	The firstTAG technology is an in-house development of batch and since 2009 forms the basis of our verification portfolio. The system is subject to strict quality controls, is designed to respond flexibly to peaks. The data centers are distributed among various locations in Germany and Europe. 
The data basis of firstTAG system, and unique aspect of our range, is our domain database that allows us to classify advertising environments. It is fed from a plurality of data sources and lays the foundation for our verification.	
taboola.com	Taboola	Content Provision	Taboola is the world's leading content discovery platform, serving 200B recommendations to over 550M unique visitors each month on the web's most innovative publisher sites	
tag.researchgnow.com	Research Now	Market Research (Surveys)	Research Now gives you the expertise, passion and commitment to achieve the best online research possible.	
tag4arm.com	ARM	Analytics	ARM is one of the UKs leading customer acquisition agencies, advertising agencies and marketing agencies, delivering successful solutions for clients.	
tagcommander.com	TagCommander	Tag Management	TagCommander is the leading enterprise tag management system (TMS) that helps global organizations better manage technical resources, accelerate marketing activities and improve campaign performance.	
tagmanager.coremetrics.com	IBM Corp.	Tag Management	IBM Digital Data Exchange; manage tags from IBM and certified partner and other vendor tags, including auditing tag performance.	
tapad.com	Typad	Analytics	Tapad&#039;s powerful algorithms and revolutionary technology deliver the highest possible probability that devices are related. The results: deeper engagement, a more enriched experience and better returns.	
teads.tv	Teads	Advertising (Video)	Platform for video advertising innovations.	
tellapart.com	Tell Apart	Analytics	Founded and led by the best minds in predictive analytics and marketing technology, TellApart helps retailers leverage their customer data to personalize the customer experience and drive omnichannel commerce.	
tellaparts.com	Tell Apart	Analytics	Founded and led by the best minds in predictive analytics and marketing technology, TellApart helps retailers leverage their customer data to personalize the customer experience and drive omnichannel commerce.	
texthelp.com	Texthelp Ltd	Accessability	Texthelp develops life-changing literacy software for pupils/students, employees, and publishers. We support struggling readers and writers to succeed with independence and ease.	
thcdn.com	The Hut Group	Content Provision	The UK&#039;s leading, multi-website online retailer. Winner of Times Profit Track 100 in 2014.	
thebestday.com	The Best Day	Social Media	The Best Day makes it easier to lock in your group for your next get-together. It lets you set up options for date, time and venue, and then invites your friends to vote.	
thebrighttag.com	Signal	Tag Management	Signal is the global leader in cross-channel marketing technology. Thousands of brands and digital agencies around the world rely on Signal&#039;s patented technology to transform data into insights and engage with customers across the web, mobile devices and beyond ? all in real time.	
thefind.com	TheFind Inc.	Product Search	TheFind applies patented e-commerce technology to make the consumer shopping experience easy, efficient and fun. TheFind works in a multi-channel environment to personalize the shopping experience. We are dedicated to searching all the stores on the web, to find just the right products shoppers are looking to buy. For every search, TheFind shows the most relevant products from top stores right on the first page of results, and delivers a visually compelling, efficient and complete online shopping experience from the browser, smartphone or tablet.	
thinglink.com	Thinglink	Image Interactivity	ThingLink is the leading platform for creating interactive images for web, social and advertising channels	
tidaltv.com	Videology, Inc	Advertising (Video)	Videology was founded in 2007 by Scott Ferber, also the co-founder of advertising.com. It is one of the worlds largest video advertising platforms. By simplifying big data, we empower marketers and media companies to make smarter advertising decisions to fully harness the value of their audience across screens. Our math and science-based technology enables our customers to manage, measure and optimize digital video and TV advertising to achieve the best results in the converging media landscape	
tifbs.net	United Internet Media AG	Internet Hosting	With its brands 1&1, GMX, WEB.DE, mail.com, Fasthosts, InterNetX, Fasthosts, united-domains, affilinet, Sedo and United Internet Media, United Internet AG is Europe's leading internet specialist.	
tinyurl.com	TinyURL, LLC	Web Design	Making over a billion long URLs usable! Serving billions of redirects per month.	
tiqcdn.com	Tealium	Tag Management	Enterprise tag management and digital data distribution (D3P). Streamline digital marketing and take action on your most valuable audiences in real-time.	
tm-aws.com	Trinity Mirror Digital Media Ltd.	Newsfeed Provider	All the latest news, sport and celebrity gossip at Mirror.co.uk. Get all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you.	
tmcs.net	TicketMaster	Ticketing Services	Ticketmaster provides integration with 3rd party applications allowing you to have the best of all worlds. This includes, single fan login across multiple ecommerce providers, access control systems, EFT and CRM.	
tmvtp.com	Accenture	Analytics	Analytics, part of Accenture Digital, can help you grow your business in entirely new ways.	
touchcommerce.com	Touch Commerce	Live Support	TouchCommerce enables you to engage with your customers anytime, anywhere, on any device they choose. Our omni-channel engagement solutions deliver the experience your customers have come to expect. Learn more about the different ways TouchCommerce can help you meet and exceed your sales and support business goals.	
trackalyzer.com	LeadLander	Analytics	LeadLander's real-time analytics easily allows you to determine the value you're getting from your marketing automation efforts. LeadLander delivers online and email-based reports that will tell you who is clicking through on your email campaigns, who is clicking on your Google AdWords, and who is visiting your site organically or through paid search.	
tracker.twenga.co.uk	Twenga	Price Comparison	The biggest choice online. Find the best prices from top brands and UK retailers.	
tracking.adjug.com	AdJug	Tracking	The online advertising exchange.	
tradedoubler.com	Tradedoubler	Advertising	Tradedoubler is an affiliate and performance based marketing community. We bring together advertisers, publishers, agencies and developers to share profitable connections and drive growth and revenue for their different businesses.	
transifex.com	Transifex	Translation Services	Transifex makes it easy to collect, translate and deliver digital content, web and mobile apps in multiple languages.	
translate.googleapis.com	Google	Translation Services	The Google Translate API lets websites and programs integrate with Google Translate programmatically.	
tribalfusion.com	Exponential Interactive	Advertising	Tribal Fusion is a global performance display advertising provider. We enable advertisers to model, target and optimize online campaigns against our unique, interest-based audiences, which are built to deliver display advertising performance.	
triggeredmessaging.com	Triggered Messaging	Web Personalization	Turbo-charge your ESP. Use cart abandonment and other buying signals to instantly send triggered messages to buyers before they go elsewhere.	
trovus.co.uk	White Label Intelligence	Analytics	Trovus are an Award Winning Managed Service Provider in Business Analytics.	
trust-guard.com	Trust Guard LLC.	Website Security	Trust Guard Trust Seals improve credibility, build customer trust, and increase conversions and Sales!	
truste.com	TRUSTe	Website Security	TRUSTe is the leading online privacy management services provider offering a broad suite of consumer, advertising, mobile, cloud and data privacy solutions which build online trust and safety.	
trustlogo.com	Comodo	Website Security	Comodo, the leading Internet Security Provider offers Free Antivirus, SSL Certificate and other Internet Security related products with complete protection.	
trustpilot.com	Trust Pilot	Opinions and Reviews	We';re all about consumer reviews. Get the real inside story from shoppers like you. Read, write and share reviews on Trustpilot today.	
trustwave.com	Trustwave	Website Security	Trustwave helps businesses fight cybercrime, protect data and reduce security risk. We give organizations the services and technologies they need to transform the way they plan, prepare, integrate and manage their information security and compliance programs.	
tt.omtrdc.net	Adobe Systems Incorporated	Tracking	Adobe offers hosted services as part of Adobe Digital Marketing Suite that enable companies to personalize and improve the performance of their websites, apps, social networking pages, and marketing activities. Adobe services collect and analyze information, such as clicks made by visitors when they use a company's websites, apps, or social networking pages or view marketing emails or advertisements.	
tubemogul.com	TubeMogul	Advertising (Video)	TubeMogul is the video advertising platform that puts brands and agencies in control.	
tumblr.com	Tumblr	Social Media	Post anything (from anywhere!), customize everything, and find and follow what you love.  Create your own Tumblr blog today.	
turbobytes.net	TyrbooBytes	CDN	TurboBytes&#39; intelligent Multi-CDN service prevents outages and slowdowns from hurting your online business. Use our 5 CDNs (mainland China included), or bring your own.	
turn.com	Turn Inc.	Analytics	Turn powers the world&#039;s largest advertisers and trading desks. Our technology delivers real-time data insights and amazing campaign performance.	
tweetmeme.com	VOID	Social Media	VOID	
twimg.com	Twitter	Social Media	Twitter uses the twimg.com domain as part of a service to host and deliver images associated with Tweets.	
twitter.com	Twitter	Social Media	Connects with your friends and other fascinating people. Get in-the-moment updates on the things that interest you. And watch events unfold, in real time, from every angle.	
tynt.com	33 Across Inc.	Advertising	Generate incremental ad revenue with zero impact on your existing revenue sources. Benefit from user copy & paste activity to drive SEO, traffic, editorial insights, and more.	
typekit.com	Adobe Systems Incorporated	CDN Fonts	Typekit is a subscription font service that brings thousands of fonts from foundry partners into one library for quick browsing, easy use on the web or on your desktop, and endless typographic inspiration.	
typekit.net	Adobe Systems Incorporated	CDN Fonts	Typekit is a subscription font service that brings thousands of fonts from foundry partners into one library for quick browsing, easy use on the web or on your desktop, and endless typographic inspiration.	
typography.com	Hoefler &amp; Co	CDN Fonts	Cloud.typography takes the guesswork out of using fonts online. It starts with one of the worlds most sophisticated type libraries, completely redesigned for the screen, and engineered to be crisp and clear at even the smallest sizes. Managed by a powerful and intuitive web interface, Cloud.typography is a 100% CSS solution thats simple to set up, painless to integrate with your existing site, and designed to grow with you from development through production. Delivered by Akamai, the first name in CDNs, Cloud.typography answers each browser with exactly the right type of webfonts, all with incredible speed and reliability. With advanced typographic controls that designers love, and a cost-effective way to satisfy even the biggest websites, Cloud.typography is a whole new way to make typography a meaningful part of your online experience.	
ubertags.com	Ubertags	Tag Management	UberTags' cloud-based Tag Management System helps clients launch and manage 3rd party code snippets while improving page load times. UberTags grew up operating enterprise websites which orients the product around improving load time, reducing complexity, and driving website agility. UberTags is trusted by over 100 enterprise, ecommerce, and content websites across the globe.	
uconnect.tealiumiq.com	Tealium	Tag Management	Enterprise tag management and digital data distribution (D3P). Streamline digital marketing and take action on your most valuable audiences in real-time.	
uicdn.net	United Internet Media AG	Internet Hosting	With its brands 1&1, GMX, WEB.DE, mail.com, Fasthosts, InterNetX, Fasthosts, united-domains, affilinet, Sedo and United Internet Media, United Internet AG is Europe's leading internet specialist.	
uimserv.net	United Internet Media AG	Internet Hosting	With its brands 1&amp;1, GMX, WEB.DE, mail.com, Fasthosts, InterNetX, Fasthosts, united-domains, affilinet, Sedo and United Internet Media, United Internet AG is Europe&#039;s leading internet specialist.	
uk.view.adjug.com	AdJug	Advertising	The online advertising exchange.	
unica.com	IBM Corp.	Analytics	IBM EMM solutions are recognised as market leaders by leading industry analyst reports which covers multi-channel campaign management, cross-channel campaign management, integrated marketing management and customer analytics.	
usabilla.com	Usabilla	Opinions and Reviews	Collect continuously visual feedback on your website, visualize results, and improve your user experience. Happy users convert.	
usage.trackjs.com	TrackJS LLC	Performance	JavaScript Error and Event Tracking for Modern JavaScript Websites and Applications.	
userreport.com	UserReport	Market Research (Surveys)	Free online usability surveys with demographic information. Detailed click tracking for websites and feedback button for online user forum.	
userzoom.com	Userzoom	Usability Research (Customer Experience)	All-in-one solution to manage digital Customer Experiences by enabling brands to cost-effectively plan, research, design, and measure CX &amp; UX	
vdna-assets.com	Imagini Holdings	Advertising	Imagini Holdings Limited provides psychographic data, data analytics, targeted content and advertising services, and device image-based quizzes for clients and business partners. It offers ValuableMe, a quiz that helps clients to understand their digital identity worth; and VisualDNA Personality Quiz, a personality profiling tool that helps clients to get insight into various areas of their life, such as personality, mindset, attitude towards money, relationships, and more. 	
vee24.com	Vee24	Live Support	Vee24 provides best in class voice, video, text and co-browsing solutions, used by some of the world’s biggest brands.	
veeseo.com	Veeseo	Content Provision	veeseo offers fully automated technologies to increase your video and article views. With our speech recognition, we analyze your videos and articles and place the optimal matching video and article recommendations on your website.	
veinteractive.com	Ve Interactive	Advertising	The eCommerce industry's No.1 dynamic retargeting and re-engagement platform, designed to drive incremental revenue growth.	
verisign.com	Verisign (Symantec)	Website Security	Symantec Authentication Services powered by VeriSign provides solutions that allow companies & consumers to engage in communications & commerce online with confidence. Symantec Authentication Services include SSL Certificates, Extended Validation SSL, two-factor authentication, identity protection, code signing & public key infrastructure (PKI).	
veruta.com	MyBuys	Web Personalization	MyAds is the only complete consumer lifecycle display ad solution, allowing retailers and brands to acquire new buyers, retarget shoppers looking to buy, and reactivate customers who are dormant. This revolutionary new display ad service is powered by the MyBuys Active Shopper Database, which consists of insights into the shopping behaviors and purchase intent of more than 250 million unique consumers.	
viamichelin.com	Michelin	Travel Search Tools	World maps, city maps, driving directions, Michelin-starred restaurants, hotel booking, traffic news and weather forecast with ViaMichelin.	
viator.com	Trip Advisor	Travel Search Tools	Viator is the world's leading resource for researching, finding and booking the best travel experiences worldwide. Viator joined the TripAdvisor family in 2014.	
viglink.com	VigLink	Advertising	VigLink is the platform on which site-to-site clicks are priced, bought, and sold. Publishers get paid for the sales they drive, advertisers earn new customers.	
vimeo.com	Vimeo	Video Platform (Streaming)	Vimeo is the home for high-quality videos and the people who love them.	
vimeocdn.com	Vimeo	CDN Video	Vimeo is the home for high-quality videos and the people who love them.	
vindicosuite.com	Vindico LLC.	Advertising (Video)	More than your ad server, Vindico powers digital advertising everywhere.	
vioapi.com	Viocorp International Pty Ltd	Video Platform (Streaming)	Make online video part of your marketing and communications strategy. Viostream your complete cloud based Online Video Platform Solution. Reliable &amp; Secure.	
viralninjas.com	ViralNinjas	Customer Acquisition (Referrals)	ViralNinjas is the only Customer Acquisition Platform growing eCommerce sites faster for less through referral marketing programs and growth hacking. ViralNinjas helps eCommerce, Daily Deals and Flash Sale sites acquire more customers, faster, for less with our full service 'Refer-a-Friend' platform.	
virtualearth.net	Microsoft Corporation	Mapping Services	Microsoft® Bing Maps is a flexible platform with tools designed for rapid application development and provides seamless integration with other Microsoft® software including Windows 8, SharePoint, SQL, Dynamics and Office, as well as external data feeds.	
visualdna.com	Imagini Holdings	Advertising	Imagini Holdings Limited provides psychographic data, data analytics, targeted content and advertising services, and device image-based quizzes for clients and business partners. It offers ValuableMe, a quiz that helps clients to understand their digital identity worth; and VisualDNA Personality Quiz, a personality profiling tool that helps clients to get insight into various areas of their life, such as personality, mindset, attitude towards money, relationships, and more. 	
visualrevenue.com	Outbrain Inc.	Content Provision	Outbrain is the world's largest and most trusted content discovery platform.	
visualwebsiteoptimizer.com	Wingify	A-B Testing	AB testing software for marketers with built-in heatmaps. Signup for 30-day free trial of our A/B testing tool to improve conversion rate and sales from your website.	
vivocha.com	Vivocha S.p.A	Live Support	Live Engagement Software. Chat, Call Backs, Click2Call, VoIP, Video. Increase your Sales and ROI with a Proactive Customer Support Tool	
vizu.com	Vizu (Nielsen)	Market Research (Surveys)	Measure digital online brand advertising effectiveness. Conduct fast, affordable market research. Free customizable web poll surveys for your site or blog.	
vizury.com	Vizury	Advertising	At Vizury, we help bring brands closer to online markets and capture not just eyeballs, but also their attention and imagination. Established in 2008, we work with some of the best known online brands in 27 countries across industries such as travel & hospitality, eCommerce, healthcare, automobile, and classifieds. 	
vjs.zencdn.net	Brightcove ZenCoder	CDN Video	Audio and video encoding/transcoding software as a service. Convert videos online into web and mobile formats using our cloud encoding API.	
vk.com	VK	Social Media	VK is the largest European social network with over a 100 million active users	
voicefive.com	VoiceFive	Market Research (Surveys)	VoiceFive, a comScore, Inc. company, is a leading global market research company that studies and reports on Internet trends and behavior. VoiceFive is routinely commissioned to conduct research on numerous topics of concern to industry leaders in diverse fields, including travel, pharmaceuticals, and publishing.	
vwo.com	Visual Web Optimizer	A-B Testing	VWO is the easiest A/B, Split and Multivariate testing tool.	
w55c.net	Dataxu	Marketing Platform	DataXu transforms how companies build brands in a digital world as the industry&#039;s only fully integrated programmatic marketing solution.	
web-call-analytics.com	Fonecall	Analytics	Fonecall is Your Friendly Australian Telco.  Providing 1300, 1800 and 13 Numbers. Live Answering. Business VoIP. And More	
webengage.com	Webklipper Technologies Pvt Ltd	Customer Engagement	The most powerful on-site customer engagement suite for your website that lets you collect Feedback, gather customer insights using hyper targeted Surveys and drive sales/conversions via push Notifications.	
webink.com	Extensis WebInk	CDN Fonts	In the exciting world of typography, we've decided to take the oracle’s advice and turn the page. WebINK is merely a chapter in the Extensis story, and definitely not the last, in our epic journey with typography and fonts.	
weborama.fr	Weborama	Advertising	Weborama offers a daily ranking of the best sites based on their hearing and on votes of surfers. Go well beyond the counter with Weboscope Free Tool Free statistics for your site developed by Weborama.	
websta.me	A-FIS PTE. LTD,	Photographic Gallery	Use Instagram online! Websta is the Best Instagram Web Viewer!	
webtrekk-asia.net	Webtrekk	Analytics	Webtrekk means fast web analytics based on raw data in real-time combined with individual consulting services. Our comprehensive solutions for website optimization have already been recognized with awards in the international web analytics market.	
webtrekk.net	Webtrekk	Analytics	Webtrekk means fast web analytics based on raw data in real-time combined with individual consulting services. Our comprehensive solutions for website optimization have already been recognized with awards in the international web analytics market.	
webtrends.com	Webtrends	Analytics	We change what’s possible in digital marketing. Discover new ways to reach customers through our measurement, optimization, and social enterprise solutions.	
webtrendslive.com	Webtrends	Analytics	Webtrends is both the pioneer of digital analytics and a leader of digital marketing solutions today. We've been around since 1993, but stay far ahead of the curve when it comes to helping brands reach customers in a meaningful way.	
webtype.com	Webtype	CDN Fonts	Webtype provides fonts for the highest quality online typography, including typefaces which were designed from scratch specifically for onscreen reading.	
where.com	Paypal	Advertising	PayPal Media Network was formerly WHERE, a Boston-based startup focused on leveraging location technology and data in mobile to enhance relevancy in advertising. WHERE was acquired by PayPal in 2011 so that the company could help its partners better compete in the new omni-channel marketplace by leveraging the power of location and data-driven targeting. Today, PPMN provides targeted advertising and offer products that are distributed across both mobile and online channels at scale. Through our suite of demand generation solutions, PPMN helps retailers and brands reach consumers throughout the omni-channel shopping journey, empowering them to engage any time, anywhere and any way.	
whoson.com	WhosOn Live Chat Software	Live Support	Award winning Live Chat Software from WhosOn. Track, chat and engage with customers on your website with Live Chat. From Parker Software.	
widearea.co.uk	Wide Area Communications	Web Design	Wide Area Communications is a web development business that specialises in building content-rich websites, apps and tablet-based products.	
willyfogg.com	WillyFogg.com	Product Search	WillyFogg.com provides a Multilingual International Products Search to connect potential consumers to sellers. Our mission is to make information about products more accessible for people around the world. WillyFogg.com has a large and wide index and provides more relevant and accurate results about products than any other search engine.	
windows.net	Microsoft Corporation	Internet Hosting	A custom domain for accessing blob data in a Microsoft Azure storage account.	
wistia.net	Wistia	Video Platform (Streaming)	Wistia provides professional video hosting. Engage your prospects, customers, and employees with video.	
wnmedia.co.uk	World News Media	News Provider	World News Media is a multi platform media group and publisher of quality financial, business and lifestyle magazines and websites.	
wordpress.com	Wordpress	Internet Hosting	WordPress.com is the best place for your personal blog or business site.	
workcast.net	WorkCast Corporation	Event and Presentation Platform	WorkCast is a leading Online Event &amp; Presentation Platform providing highly interactive &amp; branded webinars, webcasts, virtual events &amp; e-learning solutions.	
worldpay.com	Worldpay	Payment Gateway	At Worldpay, we can provide you with card processing services for your business from card machines, online payments to mail and telephone orders.	
wowanalytics.co.uk	Wow Analytics Ltd.	Analytics	WOW Analytics is a platform for B2B sales and marketing teams. It identifies and names prospects visiting a corporate website, tracks their visits and helps build up a lead score for them. Move prospects from cold all the way through to hot leads.	
wp.com	Wordpress	Internet Hosting	Open source WordPress is the most popular online publishing platform, currently powering more than 20% of the web. We wanted to bring the WordPress experience to an even larger audience, so in 2005 we created WordPress.com. We’re a hosted version of the open source software. Here, you can start a blog or build a website in seconds without any technical knowledge.	
wsj.net	The Wall Street Jounal	Business News	Stock Market Quotes, Business News and Financial News.	
wtp101.com	Diligent (Adnetik)	Ad Real-time Bidding	In the battle for consumer attention it takes more than technology and data to deliver meaningful results. Digilant's team of experts go above and beyond, combining ad technology with an approach that helps you uncover unique insights and deliver specific, relevant recommendations. We make it possible to apply your data in real time so you reach your best customers and prospects at the right time to maximize business results.	
www.etracker.com	etracker GmbH	Analytics	Web analytics and website optimisation solutions for every business model. Fast and easy integration	
www.eway.com.au	Web Active Corporation Pty Ltd	Payment Gateway	eWAY&#39;s secure online payment gateway makes it easy and hassle free for you to accept credit card payments through your website.	
www.google-analytics.com	Google	Analytics	Google Analytics lets you measure your advertising ROI as well as track your Flash, video, and social networking sites and applications.	
www.paypalobjects.com	PayPal Inc.	CDN Images	Archive of PayPal Buttons and Images in various languages.	
www.qsstats.com	QuinStreet Inc	Advertising	The Leader in Vertical Marketing and Media Online. QuinStreet serves clients and consumers in large, information-intensive industry verticals where relevant, targeted media and offerings help visitors make informed choices and find products and services that match their needs. Currently, primary client verticals are the education and financial services industries.	
wwwimages.adobe.com	Adobe Systems Incorporated	CDN Images	The 2014 release of Creative Cloud includes all-new versions of your favorite desktop apps — including Photoshop, Illustrator, and Premiere Pro — with hundreds of new features and performance improvements. Do your best work more efficiently using the latest innovations and modern standards.	
xg4ken.com	Kenshoo Ltd.	Marketing Platform	Kenshoo is a global software company that engineers cloud-based digital marketing solutions and predictive media optimization technology. Do you Kenshoo?	
xiti.com	AT Internet	Analytics	XiTi is a web analytics tool provided by AT Internet for an introduction to web traffic measurement. Why not also discover AT Internet’s top of the range web, mobile and social analytics solutions?	
xlcdn.com	JetStream BV.	CDN Media	Jet-Stream, CDN, Content Delivery Network, VDO-X, appliance, Licensed, licensing, software, technology, JetStream, services	
yahoo.com	Yahoo! Inc.	Advertising	Yahoo offers a full range of online display ad formats and across all screens: desktop, mobile, and tablet.	
yahoo.net	Yahoo! Inc.	CDN	The new Yahoo experience makes it easier to discover the news and information that you care about most. It's the web ordered for you.	
yahooapis.com	Yahoo! Inc.	Development Resources	Measure, monetize, advertise and improve your apps with Yahoo tools. Join the 200,000 developers using Yahoo tools to build their app businesses.	
yandex.ru	Yandex	Search Engine	A number of Internet-based services and products from the largest search engine in Russia with about 60% market share in that country.	
yieldify.com	Yieldify	Tracking	Yieldify is a simple to use software solution which allows you to maximise your opt-in rates and revenue from visitors leaving your website. Once you have decided the type of campaign you want to run, Yieldify uses its algorithm learning engine to optimise the Overlay (an interactive message) displayed to the user. The Yieldify Algorithm Learning Engine (Y.A.L.E.) precisely tracks the visitor's mouse movements, speed and user behaviour to determine the style and timing of the overlay.	
yieldlab.net	Yieldlab	Advertising	Yieldlab are specialists in increasing advertiser incomes across digital channels. Our company is trusted by the top premium publishers and media houses. Being first-to-market, our home-grown technology integrates Realtime Bidding and Yield Optimization, helping to maximize our customers’ returns.	
yieldmanager.com	Yahoo! Ad Exchange	Ad Real-time Bidding	Maximize ad revenue with effective tools that classify inventory, control which ad content runs on your site, and manage pricing.	
yieldoptimizer.com	Adara Media	Advertising	ADARA and our data partners have created a portfolio of premium consumer data, with billions of pieces of data. Personal information stays private, while purchase and profile data is available to advertisers. Actual travel purchase patterns, individual preferences, and shopping behavior patterns are all at your fingertips. Our data provides knowledge that lets you take action to reach the right audience.	
yieldpartners.com	YieldPartners	Advertising	YieldPartners is a young Dutch company that uses technological innovations to generate maximum revenue from online advertising. This includes an optimal use of space for digital publishers and ad targeting for demand partners. Moreover, it is our goal to facilitate the exchange of online advertising with our partners and to make it as easy as possible. Our staff all have many years of technical and commercial experience in this branch of trade. With our offices in Amsterdam and Hamburg, we serve the entire European market.	
yimg.com	Yahoo! Inc.	Image Management	Yahoo offers a full range of online display ad formats and across all screens: desktop, mobile, and tablet.	
yotpo.com	Yotpo	Opinions and Reviews	Yotpo is a marketing platform for eCommerce stores. Yotpo helps online stores generate reviews for their products and use these reviews to drive sales.	
youplay.se	PlayAd Media Group	Advertising (Video)	PlayAd Media Group is a digital media company with a complete solution for online video.	
youramigo.com	YourAmigo	Site Search	YourAmigo specializes only in organic search because organic search is the toughest and most complex of all online marketing programs to master, it is constantly changing, and YourAmigo has the expertise and artificial intelligence to be able to master it and maximize the volume of traffic and revenue that can be generated through organic search.	
youtube-nocookie.com	Google (Youtube)	Video Platform (Streaming)	Hosts user-generated videos. Includes network and professional content.	
youtube.com	Youtube (Google)	CDN Video	This domain provides static images relating to Youtube videos.	
ytimg.com	Youtube (Google)	CDN Video	Youtube allows you to share your videos with friends, family and the world.	
yui.yahooapis.com	Yahoo! Inc.	CDN JSLib	CDN for YUI, a lightweight core and modular architecture making it scalable, fast, and robust. Built by frontend engineers at Yahoo!, YUI powers the most popular websites in the world.	
ywxi.net	Tencent	Tracking	Tencent (www.QQ.com) is China's most visited Chinese portal, Tencent launched a set of news and information, interactive communities, entertainment products and basic services as one of the major integrated portal. Tencent services in the global Chinese users, to become the most spread and interactive, authoritative, mainstream, modern Internet media platforms. Through powerful real-time news and in-depth information information services, providing innovative new online life as hundreds of millions of Chinese Internet users.	
zafu.com	Zafu Inc.	Analytics	We analyze your shopper activity. In real-time we translate this into a ranking of your most relevant products.	
zenaps.com	Digital Window Ltd.	Advertising	Offering advertisers and publishers the best products and services to boost their online business on a performance basis	
zencoder.net	Brightcove ZenCoder	Video Tools	Audio and video encoding/transcoding software as a service. Convert videos online into web and mobile formats using our cloud encoding API.	
zendesk.com	Zendesk	Helpdesk Services	Customer service software and support ticket software by Zendesk. Web-based help desk software used by 40,000+ organizations worldwide.	
zenoviaexchange.com	Zenovia Digital Exchange	Tracking	The Zenovia Exchange real-time bidding advantage is that our technology delivers buyers clean impressions at scale. We also provide buyers with the technology to track users and signals from across our 7.5 billion daily requests. The Result? Zenovia exchange?s RTB advertisers get higher performance for their investment.	
zergnet.com	ZergNet	Content Provision	We promote links to your articles on hundreds of partner sites in our private network. Our software is used by many of the largest content sites in the world. When you install our widget, we start promoting your content on them sending you new and interested visitors.	
zopim.com	ZenDesk	Live Support	Award-winning live chat software solution. Chat with visitors in real-time and increase conversions. Sales and support made easy for businesses.	
zyen.com	Zen Internet	Internet Service Provider	Award-winning Internet services to the business &amp; home user - broadband, IP VPN, leased lines,  domain names, web hosting, dedicated &amp; managed server hosting &amp; telephone lines.	
